Get In Touch with Monitor Backlinks
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Monitor Backlinks + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Monitor Backlinks helps you understand which links are good for you, tells you when your competition gets new links and lets you know when you lose a link so you can take action to recover it.
Online businesses want to be on top of Google. Outsourcing is very expensive and requires a lot of knowledge. After latest Google algorithm changes, links are more valuable if they are acquired naturally, by anyone in the team. They also want to know what competitors are doing, from where do they get good SEO links.
We have premium packages, ranging from 19 – 99$/month. We already generate income with more than 13.000 users. We offer free 30 days trial where they get to test our product. We send key reports during that time to get them to sign up after the trial ends
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Monitor Backlinks + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.