Get In Touch with AsimicA
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. AsimicA + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Biofermentation is often done in batches, because the cells (bacteria, yeast, etc.) that produce the product of interest will eventually mutate and cause the entire batch to become unproductive. This is why batches have to restart, undergoing an idle period, which costs time and money in labor and lost productivity.
Asimica’s solution to this problem is to create microbial stem cells, a technology that constantly generates “young” and productive factory cells, which solves two problems: 1) it prolongs the lifespan of a batch, which means more productivity and less downtime, and 2) more productivity from the constant production of younger factory cells. This can increase the productivity of biofermentation 2-3X per batch.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. AsimicA + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.