Get In Touch with TrelliSense
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. TrelliSense + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Methane, with a warming potential 85 times greater than CO2, presents a critical challenge in global warming mitigation efforts. Currently, many facilities handling methane lack comprehensive monitoring systems for detecting unintended emissions within their operations. This oversight is becoming increasingly untenable due to evolving regulations, enhanced third-party and public scrutiny, and escalating reporting demands across methane-intensive sectors. Present solutions are either constrained to intermittent data collection methods, such as drone-mounted sensors or satellite imagery, or are burdened by high costs and operational limitations, as seen with contact-based air sampling sensors which suffer from limited scope and reliability issues. Addressing this critical need, TrelliSense introduces the industry’s first solution for continuous, ground-based, and long-range methane monitoring. These sensors enable near-real-time detection, precise localization, and accurate quantification of methane leaks across various industries including oil & gas, utilities, landfills, and agriculture. Importantly, TrelliSense achieves this at a significantly reduced cost compared to existing, more limited technologies, marking a major advancement in efforts to curtail methane emissions effectively.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. TrelliSense + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.