Get In Touch with Achiko
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Achiko + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Achiko creates and develops new innovations in healthcare diagnostics and technology.
Achiko has created user-friendly diagnostic testing integrated with a digital passport solution for the management of COVID-19. AptameX™ includes DNA aptamer-based technology that is cost effective, chemically synthesised, and widely applicable to the evolving diagnostic field of healthcare. Together with the digital mobile health app Teman Sehat™, Achiko is developing potential technologies that seek to deliver rapid, affordable diagnostic testing for a range of pathogenic diseases and therapeutic indications. AptameX™ and Teman Sehat™ were launched in Indonesia in mid-2021 and AptameX™ received the CE Mark in the European Union in May 2022.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Achiko + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.