Get In Touch with Reactosome
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Reactosome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Why we invested:
Reactosome uses synthetic nuclei as a novel class of gene therapy. This is not a “better” LNP, AAV, etc – This would be peerless in delivering very large DNA payloads ALONG WITH the transcription machinery to transcribe RNAs. As a result, the internalized nuclei can continuously pump out mRNAs into the cytosol. This is important for therapies that need to correct large defective genes or gene circuits (i.e., Duchennes, hemophilia, collagenopathies), for a longer period of time and without the inconvenience of redosing.
Reactosome is a therapeutic company at its core, but they are also pioneers of the synthetic nucleus who have left academia to direct the engineering efforts towards a synthetic nuclei that can be used in gene therapy. Compared to liposomal delivery, Reactosome’s modality would offer longer duration of effect and at a reduced immunogenicity. And compared to viral and non-viral vectors, Reactosome would have greatly reduced risk of genomic integration since the cargo DNA is contained entirely within the complex.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Reactosome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.