Get In Touch with Chronos DX
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Chronos DX + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
ChronosDx is building a new bioassay platform technology for drug assays on in vitro cell models and non-invasive diagnostics on body fluids. Our platform enables highly sensitive, precision quantification of a wide range of biomarkers: proteins, metabolites, microRNAs, cell-free DNA and exosomes. We’re combining low-cost fabrication and scalable production with our unique insights, developed over 4 years of research, on single-molecule detection and dynamic concentration ranges in a multi-omic platform, with capability for in-line and in vivo continuous monitoring of biomarkers. Our first target market is in vitro cell-based assays for cancer drug development and liquid biopsy for early cancer detection, with the technology having unique advantages for these high value areas.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Chronos DX + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.