Get In Touch with Zymochem
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Zymochem + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
ZymoChem is breakthrough science for a fossil-free future. We develop bio-based materials for everyday products without compromising Cost, Performance, Scale, or Sustainability. Since 2015, ZymoChem has refined its processes and patented technologies to replace petroleum ingredients and become one of the world’s most efficient biomanufacturing platforms.
Materials underpinning our lives are made from fossil inputs with carbon-intense manufacturing and persist for hundreds of years, leading to global environmental and climate crises. We envision a world in which the goods we depend on every day — from personal hygiene items to textiles — are bio-manufactured from 100% renewable materials and designed for a sustainable economy — without compromise.
Our platform is powered by proprietary carbon conserving (C2) microbes that convert renewable feedstocks into high-value materials while radically minimizing CO2 loss during the production phase. With this breakthrough technology, we are catalyzing a real-zero economy with drop-in, bio-based solutions.
In 2024, ZymoChem closed a $21M Series A round of fundraising to support the launch of ZymoChem’s first high-performance material, BAYSE™, and to advance our first partnered product to commercial scale. In addition to this funding from premier domestic & international venture capital firms, we are also supported by existing revenues from commercial partnerships with world-leading companies and funding from multiple government awards, including a 2023 $4 grant from the Department of Energy.
Our Mission: To catalyze a real-zero economy with drop-in, bio-based solutions.
Our Vision: To live in a world in which the goods we depend on every day are bio-manufactured from 100% renewable materials and designed for a sustainable economy – without compromise.
Our Values:
Learn more at ZymoChem.com.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Zymochem + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.