Get In Touch with Swap Robotics
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Swap Robotics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Utility-scale solar power is on-track to become the world’s #1 energy source by the 2040’s. SWAP robotics addresses two significant cost challenges to the CapEx and OpEx of solar farms with automated solutions. In the utility-scale solar construction phase, SWAP is focused on the single biggest labor expense: solar panel laying. In the following 30-year Operations & Maintenance phase, they also solve the single biggest expense: cutting the grass & vegetation on 1,000+ acre sites. Each of these activities cost over $10 million throughout the lifetime of a typical utility-scale solar site. Their robots for solar panel laying and vegetation management at large solar farms drastically reduce install costs and continuing O&M. SWAP already has dozens of robots deployed already on half a dozen solar sites, and are on-track for over $3M of revenue in 2024. Solar additions will be 58% of new electricity generation in USA this year, and utility-scale solar is typically a site bigger than 500 acres in size, and 80% of new solar energy in USA coming online is from utility-scale solar. At the same time, solar is now 29% cheaper than any other form of new energy build-out in USA. For these reasons, utility-scale solar is on-track to become the world’s #1 energy source by the 2040s, and SWAP is poised to enable and serve this massive industry.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Swap Robotics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.