Get In Touch with Ceal
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ceal + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Ceal partners with seawater-cooled power plants to extract CO2 and calcium from the water running through the plant. It’s a win-win. By softening the water, the plant’s efficiency jumps by 4%. In an electrochemical process developed at Professor Charlotte Vogt’s lab at the Technion, the CO2 and calcium are transformed into calcium carbonate, which can be sold for $110M annually per plant.
At IndieBio, we are always looking for climate technologies that don’t require new capex – and Ceal is a perfect example of what we love: using the power plant infrastructure that already is in place.
Their first customer is the Israeli Electric Company, with a pilot at Orot Rabin, the largest power station in Israel. When operating at full scale, Ceal will help Orot Rabin sequester 500,000 tons of CO2 a year, improving the carbon footprint of the plant by 10%. It can generate these carbon credits at a COGS of only $30 a ton.
There are 1,100 seawater-cooled power plants in the world. Ceal has the potential to get to $1B in revenue with just 7 utilities as customers.
We’ve spent years looking for the single best way to take CO2 out of the oceans, and make money while doing it. It turns out, we needed to finally look at built infrastructure that already is letting the ocean water in.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ceal + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.