Get In Touch with DIA
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. DIA + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Cortisol is the gold standard in detecting human health & well-being. Cortisol is a steroid hormone made by the kidneys that is commonly referred to as “the stress hormone.” Measurement of cortisol levels to determine stress is currently done via methods that are painful (blood samples), slow (requiring samples to be sent to the lab for analysis), and costly. DIA is creating a new standard in biomarker monitoring.
DIA is on a mission to improve human health by measuring chemical threats daily, in real-time, and at the point-of-need. They use groundbreaking electrochemical sensing technology integrated into wearable devices. These devices enable them to measure cortisol in real time, continuously, non-invasively, and affordably. The market for solving stress is a $300B opportunity. DIA is already working directly with the US Army via a $1.9M SBIR grant to develop and pilot their devices, and is pursuing early adoption with pro and elite athletes, as well as developing applications in healthcare to improve real-time monitoring of human health.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. DIA + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.