Get In Touch with FREZENT Biological Solutions
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. FREZENT Biological Solutions + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Changing the prognosis for patients with advanced stage cancer
Over 32 million cancer survivors face the risk of recurrence. Patients are told they are “cancer-free” only to discover that a few undetectable cancer cells survived initial treatment and have begun to multiply.
FREZENT is developing a novel class of bispecific antibodies for targeting dormant cancer cells that have survived chemotherapy and may cause recurrence. Their approach is to block metabolism in dormant cancer cells to prevent their reactivation and survival. The technology is based on the academic research of founder Dr. Natasha Shtraizent. She started the company when her mother was diagnosed with recurrent cancer and was joined by her co-founder Lina Freage-Kahn, just months after Lina lost her uncle to lymphoma.
The team is currently focused on monoclonal antibody discovery and proof-of-concept studies and is rapidly moving towards preclinical development in cancer animal models. FREZENT is backed by a strong advisory board of leaders in oncology and pharmacological drug development. Together, they are creating a future where long-lasting remission is the reality for all cancer survivors.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. FREZENT Biological Solutions + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.