Get In Touch with Esports Charts
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Esports Charts + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Metrics that enable proper advertising & sales in esports and online broadcasting
Driven by machine learning and computer vision, Esports Charts (ESM.One Inc) is the world’s leading Esports data analytics and insights platform. Esports teams, tournament organizers, betting companies, brands and media can use key data and statistics to make better informed decisions.
Collectively we have more than 40 years of esports experience. We changed the way Tencent-owned Garena performed in CIS and created HON esports in every Russian-speaking region. We did $1M+ in esports sales for GameShow and Dreamhack. And we found out there’s no data to provide accurate reporting and continuous sponsorships with good deals. Nobody was doing the relevant metrics, and that led us to the creation of Esports Charts – here we are!
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Esports Charts + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.