Get In Touch with HighStreet Pakistan
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. HighStreet Pakistan + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Women in Pakistan love the very best in Health & Beauty products. Unfortunately due to top brands not being officially and readily available, this means ordering from foreign websites with month long waits, high import duties or risk getting fake products locally.
We’re addressing this 2 billion dollar opportunity. We make it seamless for millions of women in Pakistan to acquire the Health, Beauty and Fashion products they need. This is achieved with the help of our exclusive Brand Ambasaddor program, top notch customer experience and by offering irresistible deals. We ensure to deliver over 100+ top brands in the world via instant delivery nationwide.
Think of us as the Sephora of Pakistan with a vision to offer women a palette to fulfill their dreams.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. HighStreet Pakistan + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.