Get In Touch with Mothership Materials
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mothership Materials + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The $5 trillion bioeconomy aims to produce next-generation food, fuels, and fabrics, but it faces a critical bottleneck: a shortage of affordable, carbon-negative feedstocks. Global demand for sugars and cellulose will soon outstrip supply, threatening cost and scalability challenges for industries like precision fermentation, bioplastics, upcycled textiles, and green building materials. Meanwhile, 2 billion tons of agricultural waste are burned or left to rot annually, emitting methane and CO₂—a missed $2.6 trillion opportunity.
New York-based Mothership Materials solves these challenges by transforming agricultural waste into circular feedstocks for the bioeconomy. The company’s patented TRACE™ platform operates directly at the waste source—whether on farms or industrial sites—using solar energy to extract sugars, cellulose, and other high-value molecules. Mothership Materials can already produce sugar and cellulose at a lower cost than conventional suppliers, making them competitive in this $500 billion market.
TRACE™’s modular, input-agnostic design allows it to process diverse waste streams, while its co-valorization capabilities extract multiple nutrients simultaneously, reducing costs and driving circularity. Once deployed, TRACE™ mitigates up to 80% of the greenhouse gas emissions associated with agricultural waste while offsetting the carbon footprints of conventional farming and food processing. While in the IndieBio program, the company signed 5 global corporate contracts, began paid pilots, and expects to be in market within eight months of program completion.
Jo Marini, 4x founder and MBA professor, and Agnes Ostafin, PhD, chemical physicist and expert in materials science, launched Mothership Materials in 2022. They aim to build a circular supply chain for the bioeconomy and empower industries to decarbonize.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mothership Materials + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.