Get In Touch with Ria Health
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ria Health + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Tech-enabled telehealth practice providing treatment for Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD)
Ria Health is a tech-enabled telehealth medical practice that provides evidence-based treatment for Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD).
Our Physician managed program includes Medication Assisted Treatment (MAT), digital tools for tracking progress, harm reduction, peer support and one on one coaching all done through the convenience of telehealth.
Our members have embraced our engaging program and achieved breakthrough outcomes in reducing their drinking and staying active and engaged to make meaningful behavioral change.
We work with health plans, self-insured employers and health systems to provide a treatment option that is effective, convenient and affordable.
For more information visit www.riahealth.com.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ria Health + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.