Get In Touch with Capro-X
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Capro-X + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Capro-X is an ag-tech company that improves the sustainability in the dairy industry.
Companies working in precision fermentation have ambitious plans to upcycle organic waste, but most struggle with high costs and poor scalability. They rely on a few engineered bacterial strains and must operate in short batches to keep them healthy and productive. That means stopping and restarting their bioreactors frequently, which introduces downtime and a higher risk for contamination.
Capro-X has pioneered a “microbiome refinery” that uses hundreds of bacterial species in a single fermenter to produce one highly targeted end product. The company’s novel continuous extraction technology enables continuous fermentation of waste into upcycled products for years on end. Currently, Capro-X upcycles acid whey, a difficult dairy byproduct from Greek yogurt production, into caproic acid, a platform molecule used in animal feed, fragrances, flavors, cosmetics, textiles, bioplastics, and more.
Normally, caproic acid is derived from palm oil, an industry that drives rainforest deforestation. Capro-X not only eliminates the need for palm oil but also fixes 9.3 tons of greenhouse gases per ton of caproic acid. Thus, the company addresses three environmental challenges simultaneously.
Capro-X founder and CEO Juan Guzman, PhD worked at startups upcycling algae and brewery waste into biofuels before developing the microbiome refinery during his PhD at Cornell University. With the technology to upcycle a variety of wastes, Capro-X is at the forefront of making precision fermentation cost-effective and scalable.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Capro-X + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.