Get In Touch with AquaLith
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. AquaLith + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Why we invested:
The message from the market is crystal clear: electric vehicles need to be cheaper. Since up to 40% of an electric vehicle is the battery, and in turn 70% of the cost of the battery is in materials, it’s an imperative for the industry to develop cheaper and higher performing materials. Silicon anodes are widely considered the future – they can store far more energy than graphite – but they swell 300% when loading, leading to cracking and rapid degradation.
Aqualith has solved this problem, with a silicon alloy that only swells 10% – less than graphite swell. Aqualith already has produced dozens of full pouch cells and in six months will deliver samples exceeding 300 cycle life to EV and battery partners. They are 12-16 months from an “A cell” qualification and less than 36 months from commercial production with OEMs / Tier 1s. In addition to their anode materials, Aqualith also has solutions for electrolytes and cobalt-free cathodes. Their electrolytes are non-flammable, high performance, and can handle wide temperatures (meaning they’ll work in cold weather.)
The company is raising now for pre-seed checks.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. AquaLith + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.