Get In Touch with Kolibree
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Kolibree + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Kolibree, the smart oral care company has created the world’s first smart sonic toothbrush that turns tooth brushing into a game, educates kids, and empowers parents.
Our connected toothbrush uses 3D motions sensors and Bluetooth connectivity to interact with our mobile app, which has games and coaching activities to motivate kids and adults alike to brush their teeth more efficiently and for the dental recommended two minutes twice a day.
At Kolibree we believe that smart connected objects truly have their place in our daily lives. More than just gadgets, they serve a vital role in raising awareness of the impact that our daily activities have on our health and guiding us to improve our behavior. Our mission is to create the interactions between users and connected objects which make the objects even more efficient.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Kolibree + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.