Get In Touch with Innatrix
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Innatrix + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The global fungicide and bactericide market is expected to reach $28B by 2024. Between 20–30% of these chemical pesticides will soon be banned due to health concerns. Additionally, 64% of global farmland is at risk of small molecule pesticide pollution. Pressure from supermarkets and governments to reduce the usage of chemical pesticides to control agricultural pests has given way to the search for natural biological pesticide alternatives. Biopesticides often are effective in very small quantities and decompose quickly, resulting in lower exposures and largely avoiding the pollution and human health problems caused by conventional pesticides. Innatrix’s seasoned team of AgriTech professionals are working to replace agrochemical with biological pesticides for farmers. They have developed a robust pipeline for identifying novel biopesticides to control three economically important and critical pathogens, such as late blight, soybean cyst nematode and citrus greening.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Innatrix + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.