Get In Touch with Tinkeso Therapeutics
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Tinkeso Therapeutics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Medical researchers have genetically modified T cells to recognize and attack cancers, but they’ve run into some obstacles. Chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) therapies are expensive ($373-475K per treatment), ineffective against solid tumors, potentially neurotoxic, and require gene editing if they’re sourced from healthy donors. That severely limits their potential for commercialization.
Tinkeso Therapeutics is developing off-the-shelf, allogeneic invariant natural killer T (iNKT) therapies that harness the power of the innate and adaptive immunity to treat cancer and autoimmune diseases. Its CAR-iNKT cells last a long time in freezers and can be used on demand. With its proprietary iNKT cell expansion platform, Tinkeso can generate enough doses for up to 500 patients from one donor leukopak, making the therapy more affordable and scalable than CAR-T alternatives.
Tinkeso has completed the preclinical development of TINK-101, a therapy for two types of leukemia (T-ALL and AML). In animal studies, TINK-101 doubled the survival time for mice with T-ALL, while 50% of mice with AML were cancer-free one year following treatment. Tinkeso will conduct clinical trials in China in 2025 before pursuing Phase 1/2 trials in the U.S.
Tinkeso was founded by Jerry Zhou, PhD, MD, former professor at the University of Minnesota and New York Medical College and inventor of two NKT patents. He is joined by co-founder Emmie Fan, MBA, MS, a biotech executive with over 25 years of combined experience in business and R&D at Novartis, Roche, Merck, and AbbVie. With Tinkeso, they are developing novel CAR-iNKT cell therapeutics with the potential to treat a wide range of cancers.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Tinkeso Therapeutics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.