Get In Touch with Calyx
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Calyx + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Traditional commercial gas sensors lack a middle ground: They are either really expensive and bulky, or they are small but lack sensitivity. There is a technical trilemma between specificity, sensitivity and, durability, and the devleopment of new chemistry-based sensors often have long development times and scalability problems.
Calyx uses a bio-based sensor that unlocks new opporutinies for indsutries that traditionally rely on chemistry-based sensors. Viruses are used to detect the analytes, and which changes the output of a colorimetric chip. This has high specificity, high sensitivity, and durability. Calyx’s platform has over a trillion receptors in one protein library, so with short development cycles, they can churn out new virus-based sensors for new customers in no time. Since 2018 their solutoins have been validated by major industry players, resulting in 5 paid pilots. Their go to market product will be targeting the poultry industry for ammonia monitoring and has already been demonstrated to outperform the state of the art.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Calyx + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.