Get In Touch with Silicon Republic
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Silicon Republic + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
One of Europe's leading technology and innovation news services
Europe’s leading English-language tech and innovation news service, Silicon Republic, is Ireland’s leading website for IT and business decision makers focused on making effective use of business and technology. Our award-winning team of journalists have chronicled the growing technology landscape in Ireland diligently, attracting thousands of readers from Ireland, Europe, Silicon Valley, and the rest of the world. Our readers come to Silicon Republic to be informed on vital issues affecting the technology business, startups, academia, CIOs and IT decision makers as well as emerging areas like innovation and discovery, green tech, and the digital lifestyle.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Silicon Republic + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.