Get In Touch with Hoofprint Biome
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Hoofprint Biome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Hoofprint Biome represents a new paradigm in solving methane emissions from cattle.
Hoofprint Biome represents a new paradigm in solving methane emissions from cattle.
Hoofprint Biome is the only enteric methane solution that uses natural biology, not toxic chemicals.
The vast majority of solutions to solve methane emissions from cattle deploy chemicals. Even the seaweed asparagopsis makes the chemical bromoform from bromine and chlorine in seawater, and its suppression of methane is via bromoform. Recently, the market has shown great concern and pushback on using chemicals, especially in the dairy industry.
Hoofprint instead looks inside the cow rumen itself, where it discovers natural enzymes and peptides that control methanogens.
In this market, farmers can’t pay much for methane reduction, but they will pay for improved “performance,” meaning solutions that increase milk or beef volume. In other words, it’s not enough just to suppress the methanogens — the real winners will be able to improve microbiome efficiency and ultimately steer the rumen to increase the output of volatile fatty acids that are absorbed by the cow.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Hoofprint Biome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.