Get In Touch with PowerHouse Dynamics
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. PowerHouse Dynamics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Powerhouse Dynamics uses cloud-based controls and analytics to deliver enterprise-wide operational and energy efficiency solutions to portfolios of small commercial facilities, including restaurants, convenience stores, retailers, and others. The Powerhouse Dynamics SiteSage platform reduces energy, maintenance, and repair expenses by centralizing control, analysis, and management of energy-consuming equipment.
Engineered specifically for smaller facilities, SiteSage features powerful functionality delivered via simple online and mobile interfaces. The system continuously enhances efficiencies by controlling major loads, monitoring power consumption, providing insight into the performance of individual pieces of equipment, and tracking gas and water usage. Patented analytics deliver actionable intelligence via diagnostics and alerts, and SiteSage’s enterprise-wide benchmarking capabilities identify underperforming facilities and assets.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. PowerHouse Dynamics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.