Get In Touch with NUSIC
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NUSIC + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
NUSIC is an AI DJ powered music platform, for fans to engage & artists to get paid. Growing at over 50% a month and monetizing through a freemium model driven by Algorithmic Audio Ads (AAAds), NUSIC features a patent-pending mix engine & novel solution for rights-holders to be fairly compensated for the usage of their music.
Our target users are Gen Z aspiring influencers 10-19, this demographic faces constant pressure to create, with NUSIC they can make a unique mix in only 3 taps, no skill required. Head over to https://nusic.fm for more info & an interactive AAAd demo. NUSIC are currently closing out their Pre-Seed round & preparing for a multi-million dollar seed round in order to scale their team to fulfil the demand from Gen Zers, Artists & Brands.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NUSIC + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.