Get In Touch with Tastee Tape
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Tastee Tape + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
In the U.S. alone we use 12 to 15 billion pounds of food packaging film annually, but less than 5% is recycled. Moreover, these plastic films contain PFAS (aka, “forever chemicals”) that leach into foods and have been linked to serious health risks. So far, sustainable alternatives to petrochemical film are either too expensive or lack the barrier properties of plastic.
Tastee Tape is developing edible, compostable, biodegradable packaging film that can preserve foods without harming people or the planet. Their patent-pending blend of plant fibers is strong and moisture proof, making it ideal for food safety. While existing plant films cost 5 to 20 times more than petrochemical films, Tastee Tape can be produced at cost parity with plastics.
Founder Marie Eric was studying biomolecular and chemical engineering at Johns Hopkins University when she created Tastee Tape for a product design class. The goal was to create an edible tape that could prevent burritos from falling apart. It garnered coverage on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, NBC, CNN, and ABC and was named one of TIME’s Best Inventions of 2022. At IndieBio, Tastee Tape has reengineered that prototype burrito solution into a technology that could outcompete plastic, transforming how we package and preserve foods globally.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Tastee Tape + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.