Get In Touch with Prellis Biologics
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Prellis Biologics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Therapeutic drug development company, created via bioprinted lymph node organoids
One of the biggest challenges of printing organs is replicating the tiny micro-vascularuture, which is nearly impossible to print with traditional 3D printers. No matter how advanced, you cannot cheat physics and fluid dynamics to quickly print something a nanometer thick.
So, to say that Prellis is like the laser printer of 3D printing is not so far off the mark: Instead of extruding bio ‘ink’ like traditional 3D printers do, Prellis invented a laser-assisted 3D organ printing system that can be controlled with light to build organs nanometers at a time (but scalably). They have the fastest high-resolution bioprinter in the world, 100 times faster than their nearest competitor, and their resolution is 10-100x better than any other bioprinting system.
They’re now creating living tissues in 3D to mimic biological functions that can be used in therapeutic development. In 2017, they injected their mini lymph nodes with Zika virus, and it subsequently produced antibodies for passive immunity against Zika. Their Externalized Immune System (EXIS) platform represents the first use of synthetic human tissue for de novo therapeutic antibody discovery.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Prellis Biologics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.