Get In Touch with Circadia
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Circadia + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Circadia enables the early detection of respiratory complications, the third leading cause of death, to save patient lives. The company provides an inexpensive, medical-grade, frictionless solution to clinicians in order to help improve patient outcomes, reduce provider workload and reduce the cost of care. Circadia’s C100 Contactless Respiratory Monitoring System conveniently monitors patients with acute respiratory illnesses both in-facility and remotely at home. During the pandemic, Circadia is delivering 2,000 C100 devices to health care facilities to minimize health worker contact and exposure to COVID-19, and is on track to tripling its manufacturing capacity. This follows the FDA’s latest guidance to expand the availability and capability of non-invasive remote respiratory monitoring devices. The company has started deploying its AI-powered C100 with a large hospital in Los Angeles and is in ongoing discussions with global governments and health systems. Read more here.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Circadia + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.