Get In Touch with Endless West
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Endless West + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
After a whiskey is fermented and distilled, it has to undergo an aging process, which is arguably the most expensive part of the process. The alcohol sits in contact with specially chosen wooden barrels whose wood contain compounds that are transferred to the whiskey, giving it exquisite flavor along with its color. Now imagine the same unique flavor profiles but for every spirit: wine, soju, sake, etc.
Endless West can simulate this process by analyzing the molecules that give spirits their flavors and aroma, and then synthesize their own “molecular” spirits, without the need for grapes, rice, or wood. Their first product, Glyph, is the first whiskey ever to be crafted ‘note by note’, using molecules (or, flavor and aroma notes) extracted in their purest form from more efficient sources in nature.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Endless West + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.