Get In Touch with Global Protein Solutions
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Global Protein Solutions + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Global Procurement, Supply Chain Management & Marketing Services of meat protein products
GPS FOOD GROUP is a specialist business that manages the procurement, production, logistics and marketing elements of the supply chain ensuring that the product specification and quality consistently meets the requirements of our customers. We uniquely offer bespoke supply chain solutions combining a comprehensive product offer backed by client tailored services support.
GPS FOOD GROUP has access to a wide range of products and markets backed up by a highly motivated and experienced technical and logistics team. We also have the capability to provide innovative financing solutions. We provide a flexible and cost effective service that is designed to meet the specific and unique requirements of a diverse international client base.
GPS FOOD GROUP has a network of offices located in key international markets. Our global presence coupled with a diverse procurement and marketing base ensures we are up to date with current trends and the latest developments within all protein market sectors.
Our objective is to deliver a market leading service and ensure that the exacting requirements of the market and each individual client are met in a cost effective and professional manner. Our expertise, track record and financial strength make us a sound partner.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Global Protein Solutions + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.