Get In Touch with SpiralWave
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. SpiralWave + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The e-Fuels and carbon capture & utilization sectors rely on a mishmash of expensive membranes, chemicals, catalysts, and electrolytes, across many steps.
Computers were like this long ago. They used punchcards to input, output, and store data. Then magnetic tape. Before finally deploying microchip integrated circuits, and Silicon Valley was born.
So when it comes to the climate tech field, we have to ask: can’t we just do this with electronics?
Spiralwave is the first company in the world to demonstrate the production of liquid fuel from air in a single step. To achieve this, it took a shift in paradigm. Do it only with electronic components controlled by chips. Spiralwave is the first climate tech company to really learn from the historical wisdom of Silicon Valley: chips scale. Get it onto chips.
This makes it easier to manufacture, lowers electricity usage, and is inherently distributable.
Welcome to the era of “Direct Air Utilization.” You all know Direct Air Capture, and you all know Carbon Utilization. In a single step, SpiralWave radically brings down the energy and the costs of transforming the carbon in air and the hydrogen in water into hydrocarbon fuel. Unlike competing DAC and CCUS technologies and traditional reactors relying on vacuums, high temperatures, and pricey catalysts, SpiralWave uses chips that control electrical components.
Each SpiralWave’s reactor – The Microbeam™ – can mine CO2 from the air each day, combining it with hydrogen from river or lake water, resulting in green methanol at cost parity with grey methanol — all at room temperature and ambient pressure. The energy demand is very low; one ton of pure methanol costs 7,000 KWh.
Our second reactor – The Nanobeam™ – performs Direct Flue Gas Utilization. We skip the capture, and work directly from your flue gas, whether it’s a low CO2 concentration or high, and including CO mix or not.
SpiralWave carefully fine-tunes the pulse, the frequency, and water microdroplet parameters to bias towards the formation of methanol, as opposed to other hydrocarbon byproducts. This green-methanol is a vital building block for an emerging class of green maritime fuels. To that end, a large global transport, logistics, and energy conglomerate has expressed interest in a large takeoff agreement with SpiralWave.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. SpiralWave + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.