Get In Touch with microTERRA
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. microTERRA + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
microTERRA has developed a unique functional ingredient for the plant-based food industry, which has no color or taste, enabling customers to deliver nutritional value without sacrificing the texture, taste, or presentation of plant-based products that aim to mirror traditional protein sources.
microTERRA partners with existing aquaculture farms in Mexico to grow lemna, an aquatic plant, in a scalable, affordable, and sustainable way. microTERRA is able to leverage these aquafarms to produce lemna 3-5 times cheaper than competitors, while providing farmers with an extra revenue stream, cleaner aquafarm water, and a reduced water footprint by two thirds. microTERRA’s vision is to create ingredients that instead of using water, are cleaning water.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. microTERRA + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.