Get In Touch with Arculus Solutions
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Arculus Solutions + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Future-proof natural gas transmission pipelines to enable safe hydrogen transportation
As the Oil and Gas industry pivots towards large-scale decarbonization, the challenge of transitioning assets without compromising their remaining value becomes paramount. Arculus, leveraging research from MIT, introduces a groundbreaking coating technology that rejuvenates existing gas transmission infrastructure for hydrogen transport, whether pure or blended. This innovation presents a cost-effective method to adapt pipelines for hydrogen without the need for excavation. Arculus’s pioneering multi-layer coating is applied internally via a specially designed pigging robot. This robot navigates through pipelines, deploying a coating resistant to hydrogen permeation, thereby extending the life and utility of these assets. The technology facilitates the retrofitting of gas pipelines to safely transport hydrogen-natural gas blends at any concentration, effectively preventing steel embrittlement. This approach not only represents a significant cost saving for gas distribution companies by avoiding expensive infrastructure overhauls but also expedites the deployment and distribution of hydrogen, aligning with global decarbonization goals.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Arculus Solutions + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.