Get In Touch with Calder Biosciences
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Calder Biosciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Creating Next-Generation Vaccines to Protect Against Infection
Viruses have evolved to become shapeshifters that can evade and distract our immune system by hiding some of their most vulnerable sites. History has shown that pandemics are not only lethal but also inevitable. Currently, the vaccines we know best poorly protect against pandemics and other viral outbreaks and leave many at-risk populations unprotected. By combining structure-based design as part of a novel manufacturing process, Calder’s unique 3D-Vaxlock technology generates molecular staples that lock vaccines into their most potent shape. Their initial focus is on generating a universal flu vaccine that protects against all seasonal strains and an RSV vaccine specifically for the elderly. With this platform, they have the ability to create treatments that better protect against life-threatening diseases with exceptional safety, efficacy, and durability. Calder’s next generation vaccines will prevent severe disease and deaths, alleviate a substantial burden on the healthcare system, and allow billions of people to lead healthy lives.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Calder Biosciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.