Get In Touch with heXembio
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. heXembio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Extending the human health span has long been a visionary goal for humanity, and Hexembio is at the forefront of achieving it. The company is revolutionizing aging and disease prevention by rejuvenating Hematopoietic Stem Cells (HSCs), also known as blood stem cells. This breakthrough offers exciting new possibilities for approaching age-related decline and chronic diseases, a phenomenon directly impacted by aging blood stem cells.
To accelerate its path to market and FDA approval, Hexembio is first targeting bone marrow transplant failure—a life-threatening condition. In preclinical studies, their approach has reduced transplant failure by up to 10 times in mice, offering hope for patients with few other treatment options.
What sets Hexembio apart from existing longevity therapies is the speed, minimal invasiveness, and lasting impact of their treatment. Blood stem cells are extracted from the patient’s bone marrow in a single appointment, rejuvenated in the lab, and then returned intravenously in a second visit. This therapy not only rejuvenates the blood system but benefits multiple organs, including the skin and hair, resulting in both improved function and a visibly younger appearance.The team behind Hexembio includes Gabriel Levesque-Tremblay (PhD), Samira Kiani (MD), Mo Ebrahimkhani (MD), and Joshua Hislop (PhD candidate)—pioneers in stem cell engineering and CRISPR technologies, as well as seasoned entrepreneurs. Their groundbreaking work has been published in Nature and featured in the New York Times. With strong backing from top investors such as Draper Associates, Gaingels, and SOSV, Hexembio is rapidly advancing toward its fundraising goals and transforming the future of human longevity.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. heXembio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.