Get In Touch with NetGenesis
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NetGenesis + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Net.Genesis Corp. provides software and professional services that help its customers understand, analyze and improve their online businesses. Went public in 2000, acquired in 2001 by SPSS, which was acquired by IBM in 2009.
Its software enables companies to collect, store, organize, and analyze detailed information about the online behavior of customers and other visitors on their web sites. Net.Genesis software also enables its customers to import and analyze information about e-customers from other online and off-line software systems and databases. In addition, the company offers professional services including strategic analytic consulting, product implementation, application integration, training programs, and technical support services. The company markets its products and related services in United States, Europe, and Australia. It was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
As of December 21, 2001, net.Genesis Corp. was acquired by SPSS Inc.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NetGenesis + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.