Get In Touch with Cayuga Biotech
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Cayuga Biotech + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Serious bleeding is a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide and outcomes are linked to how quickly hemostasis can be achieved. Excessive bleeding is a global threat that can affect all populations, but is especially critical for patients on anticoagulant therapy or those who have a rare bleeding disorder. Cayuga Biotech’s mission is to harness the potential of polyphosphate to address uncontrolled bleeding episodes.
CAY001 is a first-in-class drug which aims to accelerate the body’s natural clotting response even in patients with compromised platelet function. Unlike natural platelets, CAY001 is can be mass-manufactured, is stable at room temperature, and does not require type matching, allowing it to be deployed with first responders.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Cayuga Biotech + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.