Get In Touch with Protera Biosciences
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Protera Biosciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Consumers demand sustainable and healthier food ingredients to replace the chemical additives that we can’t even pronounce. Among these are the preservatives, texturizers, and emulsifiers that are buried deep in the ingredients label. The alternative is to find and produce proteins to replace these chemicals, but the bottleneck is the identification and design.
Protera Biosciences is advancing the science of protein engineering to address critical challenges in food, agriculture, the environment, and human health. They have a database containing billions of protein sequences from GRAS organisms, and screen them for the top variants, which are then produced in using yeast fermentation. Protera is optimizing the full protein engineering process, from design to testing and development of a proof of concept in less 3 months. Their antifungal protein (patent pending) has already been shown to prevent bread mold for more than a month, and are already scaling this up for commercial production.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Protera Biosciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.