Get In Touch with Cybele Microbiome
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Cybele Microbiome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The beauty industry will tell you: your skin is finnicky. That’s why there are over 1000 products for different face types and beauty enthusiasts can tell you what a pain it is to find the right one for your particular face. Each of our skin biomes have preferences from pH and moisture, to even the balance of bacterial consortia.
Cybele (pronounced SIB-uh-LEE) thinks of cosmetics products not as a mask, but rather as FOOD for your skin biome. They don’t try to drown your skin in new microbes that don’t belong–instead, they feed your skin bacteria to control what they do and produce. One of the products that your skin biome can produce on its own is ceramides, touted in the industry to retain skin moisture. By feeding them PRE-biotics your skin can produce the high-value probiotics you want, in the balance made for your skin.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Cybele Microbiome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.