Get In Touch with NURO CORP
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NURO CORP + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
With the 17 million new patients every year who are recovering from a stroke, a third of them will be touchless and voiceless. These victims have aphasia and paralysis to a point that they can no longer interact with the rest of the world, and can bring an individual to a such an imprisonment in their own bodies, that life feels like it no longer matters.
Nuro is making a headset and multimodal, multidirectional operating system (dubbed NUOS) to help a locked-in patients communicate with the world. Their headset is combining EEG and EOG into a set of algorithms that give stroke patients their independence and dignity back. You can view their current work on their website where they show patients communicating independently with just their brain – no voice, no touch. They are the only manufacturer in the world cleared by Health Canada, US IRB and US FDA under ‘Expanded Access’ for Communication by Brain for up to Locked-In Stage VI ALS. NURO has developed a complete neurological product line named NUOS, which can be implemented instantly without any brain surgery and with a wide range of individuals, from healthy human beings to victims of Stroke, Trauma or Neurodegeneration.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NURO CORP + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.