Get In Touch with Keel Labs
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Keel Labs + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Harnessing the radical potential of our oceans to transform the textile industry
Keel Labs™ began in 2017 as AlgiKnit, creating ocean-focused materials built from renewable resources. In 2022, Keel Labs was established as a platform for innovation, broadening our vision for the potential of the ocean to accelerate our planet’s development towards a more sustainable future.
Driven by the exploration of novel resources from the ocean, Keel Labs™ functions as a hub for the next generation of climate-focused solutions derived from nature. So, though our name has changed, our mission remains the same: Keel Labs™ works at the nexus of design, science, and engineering to create impact-driven materials harnessing the power of the ocean.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Keel Labs + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.