Get In Touch with FloUV
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. FloUV + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Deliverying a global UV-C solution for sustainable food safety, nutrition, and cost-effective preservation.
At Flouv, we are transforming the future of food and beverage safety with a breakthrough non-thermal UV-C disinfection technology. Our proprietary reactor systems deliver precise microbial inactivation in opaque and heat-sensitive liquids—preserving nutrients, flavor, and sensory quality while reducing energy use and operational costs.
Built on years of academic research and extended through industrial innovation, Flouv’s platform combines computational fluid dynamics, biodosimetry, and in-line validation frameworks to create scalable, regulatory-compliant solutions for food, beverage, and pharmaceutical applications. From dairy and plant-based drinks to juices and sterile liquids, our technology replaces the limitations of traditional thermal and other non-thermal methods with a sustainable, cost-effective, and globally adoptable alternative.
We are committed to delivering a global solution for sustainable food preservation—ensuring safety, protecting nutritive quality, and enabling processors worldwide to adopt next-generation disinfection without compromise.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. FloUV + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.