Get In Touch with Aurasense
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Aurasense + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Currently, neurological conditions are diagnosed using very subjective criteria, creating multiple problems, including inaccurate, unhelpful diagnoses. In addition, getting meaningful feedback requires in-person consultation with specialists, which severely limits access to care for those in more remote and underserved areas. Aurasense quantifies neurological conditions by creating point-of-care devices to capture and analyze motor function and provide data-enabled & digitized treatment feedback, across a range of neurological conditions. Their advanced tool will enable democratized and improved diagnosis and care. Their first application will be to utilize the tool in clinical trial enablement, to accelerate and improve validation of treatment candidates for neurological diseases. This will address the existing challenge that many promising drug candidates end up failing at later stages of clinical trials, in large part due to subjective and uncorrelated performance data.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Aurasense + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.