Get In Touch with Starstone
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Starstone + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Global demand for cement, a key ingredient in concrete, is expected to grow from 4.2 billion tons today to 6.2 billion by 2050. The construction industry relies on it to build everything from homes and buildings to roads and bridges to dams and seawalls. Cement, however, is responsible for almost 90% of concrete emissions. So far, technologies that eliminate cement (or clinker, cement’s carbon-intensive bonding agent) have failed because they cannot scale or compete on cost.
Starstone is developing a bio-concrete that removes cement from the equation. Instead of hauling rock from quarries to kilns to make cement, Starstone grows bacterial cement in fermentation tanks situated at concrete casting facilities. Once that bio-cement is combined with the usual sand aggregate and water, it functions like conventional concrete and slashes the emissions per ton by at least 70%.
Starstone’s proprietary technologies include genetically modified bacteria mixes, enzymatic active ingredients, upcycled bacteria feed, recyclable media, and aggregates sourced from industrial byproducts. These will make Starstone concrete cost-competitive with conventional concrete at scale.
Starstone co-founders, Gabriel Peer and Reut Sorek Abramovich, PhD, and their teammates bring experience in construction, fermentation, microbiological structures, and biomineralization. At IndieBio Demo Day, the Tel Aviv-based company will have a hybrid, bio-concrete breeze block – type of decorative concrete block – made with 50% less cement than conventional concrete. It will illustrate Starstone’s potential to eliminate carbon-intensive steps from concrete production without compromising on cost or quality.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Starstone + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.