Get In Touch with Pear Bio
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Pear Bio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Pear Bio is a computational biology company that has developed a functional precision medicine platform to optimize clinical cancer care and drug development.
The platform uses microphysiological systems and 3D computer vision to measure cancer progression over time. Pear Bio cultures patient tumor samples and immune cells to test potential treatment options and combinations ex vivo. A proprietary computer vision/ML pipeline finds image-based spatial biomarkers in time-course 3D microscopy data of patient microtumor + immune cultures. Each treatment option is compared using these image biomarkers to identify treatments with high potential efficacy for each patient. Patient data and excess tissue feed into a drug discovery pipeline, which allows us to find novel druggable targets in patients who don’t respond to approved therapies.
Pear Bio has tested ~200 patients to date, spanning 9 cancers, and we have internal drug discovery programs against 5 novel druggable targets (4 synthetic lethality and 1 immuno-modulatory).
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Pear Bio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.