Get In Touch with Farm Minerals
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Farm Minerals + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Farm Minerals has the cheapest method of making emissions-free fertilizers in the world.
Farm Minerals has the cheapest method of making emissions-free fertilizers in the world.
How cheap? Cheaper than Haber-Bosch.
That’s not in the future, or when scaled up, or after $500M of capex is put in the ground.
That’s today. At our current production facility, we can make $10M of fertilizers per month.
Our nutrients come bound into organic carbon “snowflakes.” We’ve got N, P, and K — but also Calcium and Sulfur for polyhalides. We also do incredibly powerful micronutrients — Zinc, Iron, Copper, Magnesium, and Cobalt.
Right now we have foliar spray products and seed treatments. Soon we’ll have soil application formulations.
Our products have been tested by third party labs on 8 crops — grain cereals, soy, herbs, fruits and tomatoes, as well as ryegrass.
We also make animal feed additives with our micronutrients.
Please reach out to learn more, see our data, and consider testing on your farms or in your supply chains.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Farm Minerals + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.