Get In Touch with Mazlite
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mazlite + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Mazlite provides an Industrial IoT platform for spray monitoring and digitization
Spraying and coating is a 220+ billion dollar market. From cars to crops, from boats to batteries – spraying is a critical operation in many multi-billion dollar industries globally. But today’s practices are far from perfect. Specifically current spray processes for automotive are highly inefficient. These processes are high in cost, making up 30% of OEM operating costs; inefficient, with 30% of paint solids being wasted; riddled with quality issues, where 25% of parts have painting defects; all of this together leads to massive environmental Impact, making up 65% of OEM plants’ emissions. Mazlite has built a unique solution to these challenges, and is transforming the industrial spraying and coating industry with predictive quality control through physics-based AI, inline sensors, and advanced process digitization. Their solution elevates product quality, enhances sustainability, improves efficiency and lowers energy usage. Mazlite is transforming the industry by providing a pre-application spray monitoring and digitization solution. With their physics-based AI, they’re shifting industries from reactive corrections to proactive control. Data gathered through their pilots with major automotive OEMs has demonstrated that they enable global savings of $12.9B per year based on cumulative decreased spending on labor, down time, reduced defects, and reductions in waste.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mazlite + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.