Get In Touch with SynPlexity
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. SynPlexity + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
If you’ve got an investment in a startup doing high-throughput AI + biology, your startup is probably spending way too much for having DNA variant libraries printed.
Synplexity should be their vendor of choice.
At the intersection of AI and biotech, there’s a bottleneck. It’s not the design function powered by AI to generate 10 million hypotheses per minute. And it’s not the test function, where high throughput assays can rapidly read out 1 million experiments per minute. The bottleneck is in the middle – the printing of DNA variant libraries. Each gene takes 1 minute to print.
Using DropSynth technology developed at Harvard, Synplexity prints huge libraries of custom-sequence DNA – cheaper, longer, and more numerous than anybody else in the market. Up to 1500x the scalability of current technologies.
Synplexity is already in revenue, with a weighted funnel of $270,000 just in the last couple months. The facility we just opened can throughput $30M in revenue a year, and gross margins are high from day one. As the first investors in Synplexity, we love how capital efficient Synplexity is.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. SynPlexity + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.