Get In Touch with CroBio
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. CroBio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
In discussions surrounding climate change, there is often a focus on the negative impacts of high carbon levels in the atmosphere. However, it’s important to recognize that carbon itself is not our adversary. Instead, CroBio is leading the charge against years of unsustainable practices by restoring the balance of carbon between the soil and the atmosphere. With their innovative technology, they introduce cellulose-producing bacteria directly to plant roots. This process boosts carbon levels in the soil while also increasing water retention by more than 20X. By harnessing the power of the carbon cycle, CroBio’s advanced biotech solution enables the large-scale capture and sequestration of carbon emissions. This approach not only revitalizes soil health but also fosters biodiversity, improves food security, and paves the way for a more sustainable future for everyone.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. CroBio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.