Get In Touch with Palate Therapeutics
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Palate Therapeutics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Sustainable weight management involves adopting long-term lifestyle changes, including balanced nutrition and a focus on overall health. Traditional dieting methods and current drugs prioritize short-term weight loss and do not address the core issue of weight gain—the consumption of refined carbohydrates and sugar-laden foods. Palate Therapeutics is a new type of therapeutic company that aims to address the growing prevalence of metabolic diseases by reducing sugar consumption.Their cutting-edge technology utilizes oligonucleotides in an oral gene therapy that targets taste bud cells on the tongue, temporarily altering how sweet foods taste and are metabolized. By suppressing appetites towards sugary foods, Palate’s approach offers a promising solution to combat obesity and associated health issues.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Palate Therapeutics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.