Get In Touch with Antarka
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Antarka + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Let’s talk DNA repair.
Within 5 minutes of being in the sun, the energy of the solar photons introduces a small crack in the DNA of your skin cells. It’s not a random crack, it wears down the bonds at the 2 weakest points. One crack is called “CPD.” The other crack is called “6-4.” These cracks go on to hinder all manner of cell processes in replication and transcription, compounding the damage for decades.
In the anti-aging and beauty market, all of the products – from niacinimides to signal peptides – work on the downstream effect of the original cracks.
Our new company, Antarka, discovered a class of enzymes that doesn’t take years to repair the consequences of those cracks. Antarka enters cells and repairs DNA cracks in minutes. It is the fastest DNA repair product in the world.
Originally discovered on research expeditions to Antarctica, where microbes evolved strong defense systems to 24 hour sunshine, these enzymes enable a wide diversity of anti-aging formulations and products.
Antarka has demonstrated in humans that their enzymes can reverse skin aging signs like fine lines and dark marks, in addition to working to prevent future damage. Already engaged with several global partners, Antarka has built up product inventory and is ready to commercialize immediately. They have manufacturing capacity for 300,000 units per month.
Don’t wait to repair your DNA.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Antarka + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.