Get In Touch with Sci-Lume
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Sci-Lume + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Fashion is among the world’s most wasteful industries. Textile production alone accounts for up to 10% of global carbon emissions – approximately the same as the steel industry. In the U.S., 85% of all clothes are landfilled or incinerated. Synthetic clothing fibers such as polyester and nylon are petrochemicals that can shed microplastics into our food, water, and air for generations – much like plastic bottles. Natural fibers like cotton and wool are land-, fertilizer- and water-hungry. Under pressure from regulators and consumers, apparel brands have taken steps to make a circular transition, but it is impossible for them to do this using legacy fibers.
To address this, Sci-Lume Labs has developed Bylon, a 100% recyclable, biodegradable, melt-processable polymer that can drop seamlessly into the textile supply chain. Bylon offers the moisture properties and comfort of cotton with the strength and lightness of synthetics like polyester and nylon. Just as manufacturers turn oil into synthetic textiles, Sci-Lume Labs can valorize agricultural waste from industries such as biofuels and brewing to make Bylon cost-efficiently. Upstream and downstream, Bylon uses the same infrastructure and processes in use today.
Sci-Lume Labs was founded by Oliver Shafaat, a Caltech PhD who previously worked on developing next-gen fibers in Japan. Based in Oklahoma, Sci-Lume Labs is currently developing swatches and prototype garments to showcase Bylon’s end-to-end supply chain compatibility. With Bylon, neither consumers nor manufacturers have to change their behavior to prevent textile fibers from damaging the environment.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Sci-Lume + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.