Get In Touch with Algoma
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Algoma + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
In the face of a significant housing shortage and sustainability crisis, the real estate development sector struggles with inefficiency and escalating costs. Conventional construction materials significantly contribute to embodied carbon, with the built environment responsible for 40% of global greenhouse gas emissions. Traditional design approaches often lead to bespoke, one-off projects with little incentive for efficiency due to time-based contracts. Hence, there is a huge opportunity for a housing solution that is repeatable, sustainable and scalable.Algoma is a digital architect and engineer that provides real estate developers with a faster, cost-effective, and sustainable approach to housing. Leveraging mass timber and a library of standardized building components, Algoma’s innovative software platform automates the design phase and offers:Automated feasibility studies, allowing developers to understand what’s possible on site, providing them with accurate cost estimates very early on.Integrated architectural and engineering designs, allowing real estate developers to move from concept design to construction documentation faster and at lower cost.Connection to contractors and suppliers, allowing developers to efficiently find partners to deliver the project.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Algoma + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.