Get In Touch with Carbix
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Carbix + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Concrete is one of the oldest forms of building materials, made of limestone aggregates and the cement that binds it. But making the limestone aggregates involves a chemical reaction takes millions of years to do naturally. Carbix has created a reactor that can do this millions of times faster, all while taking emitted carbon and embedding it into the concrete.
This is local, sustainable, carbon-neutral concrete. Their reactor can embed 20X more time CO2 than most of the competitors out there. For every metric ton of concrete produced, more than half of it comprises of sequestered carbon. A single reactor with a 1 cubic meter array can clean up an entire neighborhood of energy production, and produce enough concrete for the foundation of 500 single family homes. With Carbix, all concrete can be carbon-neutral.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Carbix + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.