Get In Touch with DisperseBio
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. DisperseBio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Bacterial biofilm will grow wherever there is moisture. That’s fine, until it becomes unruly: That’s when we call it biofouling. In offshore oil rigs, it’s a maintenance nightmare; in maritime shipping it’s a drag on efficiency; in industrial pipes and food processing, it’s a contamination hazard. All industries combined, biofouling is nearly $100 billion worth of pain.
All of the major anti-biofouling strategies today are to kill bacteria, but they’re ineffective because the enemy compensates by becoming stronger or evading it. Nobody on the front lines would say that this is a solved problem.
In all our years of investing, we have never seen a more potent and versatile anti-biofouling agent than what Disperse Bio has discovered. Their internationally-patented peptide, discovered in sea anemones, can effectively stave off biofilm at a nanomolar concentration, with no toxicity to humans or the environment. Imagine, two Advil-sized caplets of their peptide can protect the hull of a cargo ship from $80K/year of hull maintenance and $2M/year of additional fuel costs. The investment implication here is that the very potent active compound becomes a high-performance ingredient, commanding extremely high margins.
With both desalination pilot testing and ship hull tests underway, we’re expecting to see revenue in the next few months. If you have portfolio companies or LPs that deal with any kind of biofouling, it’s worth meeting Disperse Bio.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. DisperseBio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.