Get In Touch with Renewell Energy
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Renewell Energy + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Currently there are over 2 million idle and orphan oil wells in the US, representing a $400B liability to oil & gas companies to clean up these sites. At the same time, the US needs to increase energy storage by 10x to enable full utilization of renewables like solar and wind. Renewell turns these oil & gas liabilities into the cheapest long-duration energy storage system since stored hydro. They convert idle oil and gas wells that have reached their end of life into gravity energy storage devices. Customers want this because it saves them money compared to traditional plug & abandonment, and they receive rental revenue on a previously idle well. Renewell is addressing a $287B total addressable market, and are already piloting these solutions in California.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Renewell Energy + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.