Get In Touch with Bosque Foods
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Bosque Foods + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
We all know the over consumption of animal products is a major cause of global warming and environmental degradation, and that the best way we can lower our carbon footprints is to switch to a plant-based diet. However, consumers are compromising on products that are ultra-processed, not necessarily healthy, and lacking variety: today’s meat-alternatives are mostly burgers, sausages & nuggets, and consumers lack ‘whole-muscle’ plant-based products.
Bosque Foods creates healthier, nutrient-dense, and minimally processed whole-cut meat-alternatives, grown naturally from mycelium. By leveraging mycelium’s inherent structure, they can naturally replicate the texture of meat without the need for a long list of additives found in current meat alternatives. This means that we can create better-than-meat products that deliver on the entire taste experience, nutrition, and affordability without compromise.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Bosque Foods + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.