Get In Touch with Tesarakt
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Tesarakt + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Neurological disorders, like Alzheimer’s, can be challenging to diagnose, especially earlier in the disease progression when symptoms are subtle. Alzheimer’s is both under-diagnosed and misdiagnosed, resulting in delayed diagnosis and treatment on average by 2-3 years after symptom onset and only in the latter stages of the disease once it has taken hold. Based on the groundbreaking research carried out in Scott Small’s lab at Columbia University, Tesarakt uses AI and machine learning to enhance the predictive power of neurodiagnosis using conventional MRI scans, and powered with access to the largest database of MRI scans.
Parkinson’s disease & Alzheimer’s disease are the initial indications they are pursuing, with the potential to detect both diseases years before first symptoms arise.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Tesarakt + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.