Get In Touch with ArgenTAG
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. ArgenTAG + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Single-cell genomics has continued to undergo enormous progress since its inception more than a decade ago. Named twice as Method of the Year by the journal Nature, it continues to evolve with this innovation delivered by ArgenTag.
ArgenTag has developed the first truly scalable single-cell solution for long-read sequencers.
The company has fundamentally changed the economics of single-cell sequencing. ArgenTag has supplanted previous methodologies utilizing expensive Next-Generation sequencers, by enabling single-cell sequencing to be performed on cheaper 3rd generation long-read DNA sequencers. This paradigm shift will allow the democratization of single-cell sequencing that has hitherto been the preserve of well-funded laboratories. This powerful tool in the hands of the many will profoundly affect how biomedical research is performed, and will enable the invention of a myriad of new long-read applications.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. ArgenTAG + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.