Get In Touch with Hurdle
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Hurdle + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Hurdle is devoted to one thing— building bio-infrastructure that simplifies and accelerates access to biology for companies and consumers.
Hurdle experts have masterfully built a tech-first plug-in platform that combines a deep expertise in easy-to-manage technology with efficiencies of scale, making biology data accessible to more people. Our bio-infrastructure system is a highly customizable and modular end-to-end solution that integrates seamlessly with any business system, at any level, to overcome barriers in order to make biology accessible and actionable.
The work we do is designed to move our customer’s business and the world forward through the incredible power of biology. No matter your goals–increased revenue, consumer reach, expansion–Hurdle’s bio-infrastructure delivers an efficient solution to each obstacle.
Hurdle champions accessibility to biology and the vast knowledge deep within in order to guide decisions and influence growth. Hurdle unlocks biology’s full potential, empowering our partners and clients to make the most of the knowledge it can provide.
If you’re interested in learning more about what we do and how we do it, visit our website hurdle.bio for more information.
Hurdle is a Chronomics Ltd. Inc. brand.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Hurdle + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.