Get In Touch with BryoSphere Biotechnologies
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. BryoSphere Biotechnologies + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Sustainable specialty chemical manufacturing using engineered moss
Why we invested:
Our investment in BryoSphere is an addition to SOSV’s next-gen biomanufacturing portfolio that spans a diversity of chassis, processes, vessels, and feedstocks. BryoSphere is one of the only companies in the world to use moss cells in photobioreactors as an expression system. These ancient plants are really good at making compounds to protect themselves from the sun’s UV radiation – compounds that can’t be made in any other system.
The first sign of aging isn’t wrinkles. It’s the age spots – known as hyperpigmentation. The solutions suck. Not this one. BryoSphere’s first product, BryoBright, is a natural hyperpigmentation treatment 3x more effective than existing options. This natural compound has been validated by many beauty companies, and could be added to hundreds of products, similar to the way SPF is. There’s been just one big problem – the natural molecule is too expensive to extract from plants, and nobody has been able to manufacture it affordably, even with synthetic chemistry. Enter moss to the rescue. BryoSphere is leveraging those capabilities of moss to create first-of-a-kind skincare ingredients for beauty brands, starting with BryoBright.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. BryoSphere Biotechnologies + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.