Get In Touch with MycoWorks
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. MycoWorks + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
MycoWorks is a biotechnology company founded by artists with the mission to create a platform for the highest quality materials using Fine Mycelium . Drawing on over two decades of pioneering research and innovation by our creative founding team, MycoWorks’ proprietary Fine Mycelium platform has enabled a new class of premium, non-animal materials that are the next evolution in mycelium. The company mission is to using the tools of biotechnology, manufacturing excellence and creative, master craftsmanship to grow the future of materials.
MycoWorks is at the forefront of the movement to bring circularity and sustainability to the fashion industry. They recently annouced a landmark partnership with Hermès for a new material Sylvania, a hybrid of nature and biotechnology. Fine Mycelium™, the genesis of Sylvania, is produced in the MycoWorks facility. It is then tanned and finished in France by the Hermès tanners to further refine its strength and durability, and shaped into a luxury travel bag at the workshops by the Hermès craftspeople. The company’s flagship product Reishi™ – a non-animal, non-plastic leather that performs like cowhide – designed as a proprietary woven cellular microstructure inspired from animal leather. Reishi™ is available for sale for stakeholders across the textiles industry from running shoes to the runway.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. MycoWorks + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.