Get In Touch with MIMiC Systems
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. MIMiC Systems + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Heating and cooling make up the majority of energy consumption in buildings, representing over 40% of energy-related greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Originating from extensive multidisciplinary research at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, MIMiC Systems is pioneering a technology aimed at reducing the emissions from refrigerants in traditional vapor-compression systems, while enhancing thermal comfort without incurring energy penalties. MIMiC employs advanced solid-state heat pumps, known as thermoelectric devices, combined with innovations in power electronics and controls. This approach not only boosts system efficiency but also fully eliminates the need for environmentally harmful refrigerants. The technology is particularly advantageous for retrofitting residential buildings, streamlining the installation process to save both time and labor costs. Moreover, by significantly reducing the number of moving parts, MIMiC’s solution extends the operational lifetime of heating and cooling systems, marking a significant step forward in reducing the environmental impact of building climate control.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. MIMiC Systems + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.