Get In Touch with Rosetta.ai
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Rosetta.ai + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Increase conversion rate by analyzing consumers’ shopping behavior with deep learning
Ecommerce businesses spend tons of money to acquire users but can’t monetize as well as Amazon because they don’t have the same recommendation capability. Rosetta.ai uses deep learning technology and consumers’ shopping behavior and preferences to help fashion ecommerce companies personalize on-site product recommendation and off-site retargeting messages convert more and sell more. Rosetta.ai helps fashion ecommerce sites grow sales 2x and conversion to sales 3x on average.
由于消费者消费行为和偏好数据较难追踪、分析和预测，电商商家花费大笔广告费用但无法获得可观的收益回报。这一难题尤其在时尚电商产业较为突出。Rosetta.ai运用深度学习技术帮助时尚类电商分析每位消费者的购物偏好和行为，将数据应用于站内个性化商品推荐与站外定制化营销消息，帮助商家增加销售。Rosetta.ai平均帮助客户商家提升了三倍的转化率，两倍的营收，以及30%的月用户增长率。
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Rosetta.ai + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.