Get In Touch with Untap
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Untap + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Untap Health was born out of a desire to disrupt the way we live with illness. It’s long been accepted that catching viruses is just part of life, spreading silently through workforces, schools, and families. But we believe that’s no longer necessary. With 40% of people likely to be immunocompromised at some point in their lives, protecting our most vulnerable and their families is more important than ever. Untap Health exists to change this paradigm.
We developed our groundbreaking technology to ensure workplaces, care homes, and hospitals are the healthiest environments possible. Our mission is simple: to give individuals and organisations the autonomy to understand health risks in real-time and take action before illness spreads. We believe in empowering people to protect themselves and those around them, so that illness doesn’t have to be part and parcel of daily life. Together, we can make proactive health measures the norm, ensuring a safer, healthier future for everyone.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Untap + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.