Get In Touch with Soliome
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Soliome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
All available sunscreen active ingredients absorb through our skin, interfering with hormones and even exacerbating UV damage. Meanwhile, SPFs in cosmetics, washed down the drain at night, accumulate in sensitive marine environments, where even the “reef safe” versions threaten endangered corals and marine life.
Based on groundbreaking work in protein engineering at Princeton, Soliome has reinvented sunscreens and SPFs, an $18B global market. It is totally safe, long-lasting and goes on clear without white residue.
Why now: In October of 2022, new FDA regulations on sunscreens take effect, dramatically reducing the cost and burden of approval.
Why it’s scalable: Because Soliome can make their SPFs from any protein. Even common plant proteins already used as food.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Soliome + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.