Get In Touch with Qidni Labs Inc.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Qidni Labs Inc. + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
We take our kidneys for granted. These organs remove waste, salts, and excess water, and we get to expel them from our body through urination. When you have kidney failure–like over 660,000 adults in the US–you become a dialysis patient, and have to drive into a clinic every other day to get hooked up to a gigantic machine that filters your blood for you. This can cost anywhere between $80,000 to $140,000 per patient per year. If only there was a way to have a portable, at-home kidney that you can take with you anywhere.
Qidni is making their own artificial kidneys, connected to the cloud, so they can enable independent dialysis providers to serve millions of patients without owning any clinics. Their QGel adsorbent can perform dialysis with 100X less water, and with significant cost savings. Qidni has already demonstrated the portability and viability of their artificial kidneys on a fully nephrectomized sheep (no kidneys). It survived, and the “kidneys” filtered out even more urea than is normally done in a typical dialysis session in a clinic.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Qidni Labs Inc. + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.