Get In Touch with OpenShelf
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. OpenShelf + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
We are currently facing large labor shortages across healthcare. Despite increasing demand for healthcare, there is insufficient growth of labor, and in fact there has been a 5% per year drop in healthcare labor force.That is why Open Shelf is developing low-cost, AI-automated inventory management for healthcare. Open Shelf technology will free up clinicians’ time, so that they can focus on patients, rather than inventory management. Open Shelf combines modular, scalable robotic automation with intelligent control to deliver an automated robotic retrieval & restocking solution. This enables real-time inventory data, predictive reordering, all while reducing labor requirements, increasing operational consistency, and eliminating overstock and wastage. Founded by Chiu Chau, 3x founder & roboticist. Chiu previously founded & led OpenTrons, a YC-, HAX-, and Khosla-backed company to a $1.8B valuation.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. OpenShelf + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.