Get In Touch with Nutrition from Water
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Nutrition from Water + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Why we invested:
For us to invest in alt proteins in 2024 requires that we see a team and product that are laser focused on solving a deeply felt commercial problem at previously unheard of speed. Since our first meeting, the NXW founders–themselves food industry veterans–have shown their ability to move fast while building trust with not just one, but a coalition of the biggest dairy and nutrition leaders across 6 continents.
They’re quickly creating a global footprint for their Marine Whey product line that drops-in and expands multiple huge core categories for their business partners. NXW will be one of the fastest companies to get to industrial scale production in the sector, and create affordable, premium-quality, great tasting products while remaining lean and capex-light.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Nutrition from Water + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.