Get In Touch with Kountermove
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Kountermove + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Kountermove is the world’s best place to play Fantasy MMA. It’s like daily fantasy football or baseball, but for UFC / MMA events. #1 Google result – “fantasy MMA”.
We are at the intersection of two massive consumer trends – mixed martial arts and fantasy sports. Like fantasy football, fantasy MMA will become a core part of the entertainment experience.
UFC is holding 50 events+ in 2015, with leagues such as WWE, Bellator MMA, GLORY Kickboxing, Metamoris Pro, and World Series of Fighting promoting dozens more.
Our current business model is the traditional fantasy sports approach, we earn commissions of ~12% on every cash entry.
Forbes: “Daily Fantasy MMA May Quickly Outgrow Mainstream Sports Offerings”
> http://www.forbes.com/sites/darrenheitner/2014/12/24/daily-fantasy-mma-may-quickly-outgrow-mainstream-sports-offerings/
ODF Report: “Why Is MMA Fantasy Sports Poised For Growth? Because Everyone Likes A Fight”
> http://www.odfreport.com/387/mma-dfs-poised-for-measurable-growth/
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Kountermove + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.