Get In Touch with UNL
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. UNL + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
UNL is a smart micro-location infrastructure and new generation mapping technology startup building the Internet of Places – a digital 1:1 geodata twin of the physical world.
UNL thinks about location differently to solve some of the biggest hyperlocal challenges that traditional mapping hasn’t been able to do so far, starting with addressing, geocoding, dynamic routing and self-healing maps.
For this, UNL pixelizes the world in a 3D smart grid to digitize physical locations and create an infrastructure to interact with them via unique, verifiable digital addresses – UNL geoIDs. On ground, indoor or up in elevation, UNL geoIDs can address locations with a micro-precision of up to 1x1cm².
Via the UNL Platform, businesses can create and manage their own Virtual Private Maps and location data, tap into DIY tools, modules and apps to build scalable solutions with location intelligence at hyperlocal scale.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. UNL + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.