Get In Touch with The EVERY Company
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. The EVERY Company + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The EVERY Company brews real animal protein without using a single animal – starting with the world’s first suite of animal-free egg proteins. Eggs the beloved breakfast staple has broad industry usage, delivering 20+ critical performance, flavor, and nutrition functionalities such as pH stability, tenderization and beyong enabling a $213B market in the foodand beverage industry. Their first product is an animal-free pepsin, which was launched in 2020, and is already selling across three continents. The EVERY Company has created a strong partnership ecosystem to truly compete with animal protein head on––a first in the alternative protein space––by partnering with ingredients giant, Ingredion (NYSE: INGR) for global distribution and ABInBev (NYSE: BUD), the world’s largest fermentation company, for production.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. The EVERY Company + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.