Get In Touch with QuantumCyte
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. QuantumCyte + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
When the team talked to oncologists about their pain points, they discovered that it all boils down to two things: slow time from biopsy to actionable result, and limited prognostic value because the data isn’t given them complete information. This isn’t surprising: 4-6 weeks to wait for biopsy results is a long time to wait for a cancer patient.
Quantumcyte can return information in less than a week and provide not just basic information to treat with standard of care, but other more important markers. The company returns 4x more data per sample because they have more precise methods and integrate AI into their system.
Their AI maps the tissue biopsy and identify specific regions (e.g., where the cancer cells are) to automate the analysis, thereby returning more precise data on significant portions of the biopsy, rather than losing it in the noise. Their AI gets better and better every sample it runs. This platform technology is extending beyond cancers, and currently testing on brain tissue and solid tissue (e.g., for psoriasis).
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. QuantumCyte + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.