Get In Touch with Ambrosia
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ambrosia + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
I/O is a waste management company with a centralized solution for urban areas in the fast growing organic waste market. We’ve adapted a method of lactic acid fermentation to sterilize and preserve organic material in an indoor, industrial setting without methane emissions. Our proprietary approach puts us on the front lines of this developing ecosystem, fitting in with existing industry infrastructure.
We can quickly process organic waste into a quality controlled, shelf-stable, shippable feedstock with utility in a variety of industries. Our first products will be marketed to the agricultural sector as a fertilizer.
The business model is primarily focused on waste management, with secondary revenue from end product sales. We’re initially targeting a collection service to the commercial sector, including restaurants, hotels, breweries, indoor farms, and food processing facilities.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ambrosia + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.