Get In Touch with Semion
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Semion + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The world’s $6.2 trillion in crop production depends on domesticated plants that have been optimized for yield, not resilience. Their defensive mechanisms against pests have been silenced, and in their stead, chemical pesticides have protected crops, ending hunger in much of the world. In a changing climate, however, pests are spreading and evolving quicker than pesticide makers can adapt, putting global food supplies in jeopardy.
Semion turns the table on pests with sprayable biological products that activate dormant defense mechanisms in crops. Its first solution targets the corn leafhopper, a major corn pest devastating crops in the Americas.
In field trials, Semion’s solution effectively controlled the pest and its associated diseases, resulting in an average yield increase of 30% compared to untreated crops—at one-third the cost that farmers would have otherwise spent on ineffective pesticides. Pests are unlikely to evolve resistance to Semion’s treatment because it activates plants’ diverse natural defense mechanisms, including dynamic and indirect defenses like attracting natural enemies, which are challenging for pests to overcome.
Semion’s CEO, Emilio Molina, grew up in a farming family and saw firsthand how increasing reliance on pesticides made their livelihood unsustainable. At age 22, Molina received a $100,000 grant from Reddit founder Alexis Ohanian to drop out of college and do something about it. He co-founded Semion with chemical ecologist Victoria Coll Aráoz, PhD, agricultural engineer Alejandro Forlin, and entomologist Jorge Hill, PhD. Their mission is to create novel pest control technologies to help farmers thrive and secure the global food supply.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Semion + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.