Get In Touch with BiomeSense
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. BiomeSense + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
BiomeSense is developing an integrated biosensor & cloud-based bioinformatics platform to massively scale the collection and analysis of gut microbiome data, producing up to 30x the data for <10% of the cost compared to conventional methods. The enabling technology is a proprietary microfluidic biosensor that’s installed in the patient home, passively and continuously sampling the gut microbiome without any input from the patient.
The company’s first market is clinical research, exponentially increasing the data available during clinical trials. After this market, the company plans to rapidly move to clinical use as a companion / traditional diagnostic, and long-term, the ultimate vision is to become a widespread consumer product to enable everyone to track and understand their microbiome for better health.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. BiomeSense + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.