Get In Touch with Benerg
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Benerg + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Building scale biogas technology that converts food waste into energy highly efficiently.
Benerg is an innovative renewable energy company that produces electricity from food waste with unprecedented efficiency. By using only 10kg of it, we can provide enough electricity for 13 homes for an entire year. Our solution is scalable and can work with different waste amounts, starting from 10kg to 120kg daily. Our machines deliver off-grid electricity to the building itself by disposing of all food waste on-premises, resulting in no waste but organic fertilizer as a by-product. Whole systems are tracked and monitored 24/7 via an IoT system. Our patent-pending technology can be used in commercial real-estate, including hotels, shopping malls, etc. By using our technology, customers save a significant amount of money from their energy bills, reduce their waste cost, and decrease their carbon footprint.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Benerg + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.