Get In Touch with KIKO TV
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. KIKO TV + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Kiko Live was conceived with a simple yet innovative vision – to digitize and empower local neighborhood retailers. Whether it’s kiranas, pharmacies, stationeries, or paan-wallahs, every local retailer can join our platform and leverage our app to streamline and expand their home delivery services.
Through our collaboration with ONDC as a Seller NP, Kiko sellers gain visibility across various ONDC buyer apps, such as PayTM, PhonePe, MyStore, and more. By enlisting as a seller on the Kiko Live platform, businesses experience a substantial increase in their online presence, leading to enhanced visibility and significant business growth. This streamlined process enables sellers to efficiently scale up and boost their revenue.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. KIKO TV + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.