Get In Touch with Mapflow (Acq’d by Lexis Nexis)
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mapflow (Acq’d by Lexis Nexis) + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Mapflow offers location and risk intelligence solutions to the global insurance industry.
Mapflow Limited provides location intelligent solutions based on location services platform and enterprise location server. It offers off-the-shelf solutions for insurance and transport markets. The company provides solutions for property insurance business processes, such as sales and marketing, underwriting, claims, fraud, and reinsurance assessment. Its insurance solutions include Mapflow Geo, a set of products, which allows location-aware rating capability to be deployed in an insurance organization’s pricing and underwriting functions; and Mapflow GEO:underwriting, a visualization tool providing the user with a view of addresses, policies, accumulations, and risks. It offers transport solutions in the areas, such as road safety, including intelligent speed adaptation; shared transport, including ride sharing; capacity planning, journey time monitoring, and traffic flow monitoring; road pricing, including congestion charging and other distance based pricing schemes; and rescue and recovery. The company also provides business and technical services, as well as strategic consulting; product development; system design, development, and implementation; trial design, operation, and management; and performance benchmarking services.
Mapflow Limited was formerly known as Iris Group and changed its name in March 2001. The company was founded in 1997 and is based in Dublin, Ireland.
The company was acquired by Lexis-Nexis in September 2013.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mapflow (Acq’d by Lexis Nexis) + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.