Get In Touch with Kalia Health
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Kalia Health + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Preeclampsia, a potentially fatal pregnancy condition characterized by high blood pressure and organ damage, is the second leading cause of maternal mortality worldwide, despite the condition being straightforward to treat when detected early. The current diagnosis of preeclampsia using blood pressure and proteinuria is inaccurate and requires routine clinical visits, making it inaccessible to many. Furthermore, symptoms are subtle so birthing people are often unaware of the developing complications unless they attend regular prenatal care checkups.
Kalia Health is dedicated to improving maternal health through engineering a safe, affordable, and accessible home-based early detection test for preeclampsia (PE). The lateral flow device identifies urinary biomarkers specific to PE for a more real-time diagnosis. This test will increase the number of birthing people that self-detect and seek prenatal care for PE through home diagnosis, education, and empowerment.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Kalia Health + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.