Get In Touch with A2A
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. A2A + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
A2A is a partnership driven drug design company with candidates across cancer, infrectious disease, and rare diseases. Most of the pharmaceutical industry is focused on analysis of existing libraries of drug-like molecules with computational tools and high-throughput screening. By contrast, A2A is exploring 100s of millions of molecules in chemical space to develop proprietary databases of safe and effective new drug candidates. The approach enables rigorous pre-optimization of therapeutics before laboratory testing begins. Interest in A2As oncology programs with multiple pharmaceutical partner possibilities has picked up after revealing positive data from the Leukemia program.
They have a robust internal pipeline, with a focus on drug designs for breaking protein-protein interactions and collaborations with Daewood Pharmaceuticals, Novartis, and In Silico Medicine.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. A2A + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.