Get In Touch with Phytogenesis
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Phytogenesis + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Based on 20 years of work at the University of Kentucky, and $11M in grants to bring it to commercial readiness, Phytogenesis is a fundamentally different solution for protecting the world’s crops from fast-evolving pathogens.
For ag investors, the biocontrol market is structurally problematic, because a product that works in potatoes doesn’t then work for corn, or fresh produce. Each crop needs its own solution, limiting upside.
Phytogenesis’ product, PreviSAR, is a single biobased solution for all crops. It primes an innate defense pathway native to all plants, called Systemic Acquired Resistance. It only needs to be applied once per season, and when applied to any leaf, it spreads through the whole plant. The result is a very meaningful savings to the farmer. PreviSAR can also be combined with existing crop protection products, be they bio or chemical.
Over 25 field trials in row and specialty crops have them preparing to work with large growers, first in South America which has the world’s fastest regulatory pathway for biologicals, followed quickly by the USA.
PreviSAR has conceptual similarities to two products that ag investors will know well – Regalia and Phytalix – but it is distinctly unique; our scientific founders discovered an upstream way to regulate Systemic Acquired Resistance. Ag investors familiar with the biocontrol space will want to absorb this update on the scientific field.
PreviSAR can even be applied prior to harvest, and it keeps working post-harvest, protecting the crop from infection. Less food waste and no more moldy strawberries
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Phytogenesis + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.