Get In Touch with Care Constitution
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Care Constitution + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, telehealth usage has been up over 500%, yet little progress has been made to advance this critical technology. While a video call can offer unprecedented access to your physician, it is subjective by nature and, in its current form, cannot offer much in the way of diagnosis and accurate physical assessment. With Inteleclinic, Care Constitution’s proprietary software system, clinicians and physicians have the potential to remotely evaluate their patients in a quantitative manner with diagnostic capability that is even better than an in-person visit. With their initial focus on evaluating neuromuscular disorders, clinicians can quantify minute physical changes in patient’s faces and body movements that can be incredibly beneficial for clinical trial patient recruitment and retention. Additionally, Inteleclinic allows more complex data collection for individuals in remote locations, so patients do not have to travel to clinic sites. This increased accessibility allows for more robust enrollment, especially for diverse populations that have social barriers to healthcare, those that are too sick to come to the clinic, or those that live far from clinical research sites. Care Constitution is poised to deliver on its mission to deliver better access to quality healthcare for all.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Care Constitution + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.