Get In Touch with Catalog Technologies
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Catalog Technologies + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
“The Cloud” is basically just someone else’s computer, taking up acres of land and consuming cities’ worth of power, and billions of dollars in cost of ownership. It generates more carbon every year than the entire airline industry. The amount of data we produce each year as a species is growing exponentially, but our storage capacity is not. Hard drives not getting smaller–we’ve reached the physical limits of that. There are also serious concerns about the archival materials in the long term. Hard drives need to be replaced every 5 years, and magnetic tape can maybe last 30 years.
Catalog Technologies might be the solution to that. Their writer can write over a terabit of data onto DNA in a single day. The system is basically a printer, but instead of ink, it’s DNA. Not only can this store DNA, but it opens up new possiblities through which we interact with archival data: If you have millions of copies of your information (as DNA) you can operate on all of them in massively parallel ways.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Catalog Technologies + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.