Get In Touch with Ao Air (f/k/a O2 O2)
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ao Air (f/k/a O2 O2) + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Ao Air facewear cleans the air of pathogens and pollutants using proprietary nanofibers. Their lightweight, battery-powered facewear “engineers” the air using a fan to create positive air pressure behind a shield, protecting the user without requiring a seal. The mask protects the user from 99.75% of 0.25 micron (250nm) particulates / pathogens. There is an option for customizable filtration that allows for combatting specific threats.
Compared to a market leading N95 mask, they are 44-67% cooler, 20-41% less humid and have 60-90% less CO2 inside the breathing area. They have working prototypes, and are aiming to have scaled production ready in the next 2-3 months.
Ao Air was formerly known as O2 O2.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Ao Air (f/k/a O2 O2) + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.