Get In Touch with Preemadonna
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Preemadonna + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Preemadonna builds connected creativity and connected play products, platforms and experiences. Preemadonna’s flagship Nailbot Printer, prints personalized art and photos on nails in five seconds. Future product make nail polish and print body art.
Preemadonna has raised seed financing from Halogen VC, Version One Ventures, the Amazon Alexa Fund, Two Small Fish Ventures & other prominent angels and funds. Preemadonna has also involved its community in the company’s journey through product and equity crowdfunding campaigns.
Preemadonna’s past industry accolades include: CES Innovation Award Honoree; SXSW Pitch Finalist; TechCrunch Disrupt Battlefield Finalist; Amazon Alexa Fund & All Raise Women Founders Represent Finalist; FounderMade Future of Beauty Winner
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Preemadonna + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.