Get In Touch with Mesa Quantum
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mesa Quantum + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
GPS stands as one of the most remarkable innovations of our era, transcending its use case as navigation tool to become the global reference for time. Utilizing GPS for position, navigation, and timing synchronization in crucial systems such as data centers, the energy grid, and consumer electronics has become indispensable to our economy However, as our dependence on GPS grows, geopolitical tensions and the rise of new technologies like autonomous systems are exposing its limitations. Governments worldwide are now seeking alternative solutions. Enter MesaQuantum: we’re developing next-generation chip-scale quantum sensors that aim to reduce our critical reliance on GPS, while ensuring we have GPS capabilities all the time…everywhere. MesaQuantum has developed low cost, chip-scale quantum sensors that can seamlessly be integrated into existing electronic boards. They do this through a quantum technology developed at the University of Colorado, Boulder, which is one of the world leading universities in Quantum technologies. Their chips are significantly better, cheaper, and smaller than the state of the art technologies in this critical time keeping application.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Mesa Quantum + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.