Get In Touch with Able Sciences
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Able Sciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Why we invested:
For all the hype of cell therapies, to get beyond the 5% of eligible patients who receive such therapies today, the market needs 1) higher transfection success, and 2) multi-protein delivery in one construct. The founder of Able sciences are veteran drug developers who invented a self-amplifying RNA that delivers on both huge needs.
They’ve shown impressively high and durable expression of their payloads in target cells, dramatically superior to that achievable through viral based engineering. Already they’ve shown expression of two functional proteins and plan to quickly demonstrate their ability to do three or four more. They went from idea to POC on human natural killer (NK) cells in a matter of months – able indeed!
When integrated into off the shelf allogeneic cells, Able’s system can bring the cost of cell therapy under $100,000.
We’re super excited about this ability to bring multiple protein payloads to deliver a knock-out punch on cancer, creating a plug-and-play system to either own virtually universal cell therapies and high value disease targets or enable partners to create their own efficacious target combinations.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Able Sciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.