Get In Touch with GloCoach
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. GloCoach + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
GloCoach’s SAAS solution drives change in individuals and organizations though 1-on-1 coaching that is empowered and informed through data.
With our turnkey platform, companies can easily roll out cost-effective, 1-on-1 coaching programs across their entire organization.
We recruit, train and manage 100s of international and diverse coaches, driving down retail cost by bringing “idle” coaching resources online. We make the “right” coach available to each member and enable live meetings anytime and anywhere via our mobile-friendly virtual session room and calendar.
Our analytic tools provide several layers of measurable results to ensure clear tracking of progress and ROI.
Our mission is to help CEOs, senior management teams and young emerging leaders improve leadership competencies and deliver superior results.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. GloCoach + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.