Get In Touch with Electro-Active Technologies
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Electro-Active Technologies + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
We have two major problems plaguing humanity: there are food shortages all around the world, AND we need to increase the proportion of renewable energy and capacity for energy storage. What if we can solve both these challenges, feeding two birds with one scone? 40% of our food is wasted and accounts for a sizeable proportion of methane emissions, a potent greenhouse gas, while it’s in landfill.
Electro-Active Technologies diverts this food waste into renewable hydrogen using their modular reactor. The liquid fraction of food is converted into hydrogen, while the residual solids can be composted or turned into an animal feed, all with the power of microbial electrolysis. In 2021, they they have a $1M partnership with Southern Company Gas to make distributed, sustainable waste-to-value solutions a reality.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Electro-Active Technologies + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.