Get In Touch with Zoth
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Zoth + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Interest rates for SMEs in emerging markets are 3 times higher than in developed economies, leading to a $5 trillion credit gap. Meanwhile, DeFi investors are looking for secure and sustainable investment opportunities with over $1 trillion in crypto liquidity. Zoth bridges real-world borrowers with crypto lenders, providing SMEs with affordable and faster capital while enabling crypto investors to earn attractive yields using both Stablecoins and other cryptocurrencies. In just 2 months, Zoth has deployed up to $100,000 dollars in private credit, with $2 million in the pipeline for the next 2 months. Part of the Indian government’s Web3 regulatory sandbox, Zoth is aiming to democratize alternate investments and provide opportunities for retail users to diversify into real-world assets.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Zoth + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.