Get In Touch with Capra Biosciences
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Capra Biosciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
In fermentation, biologists focus on free-floating bacteria and yeast for making products today – and if biofilms develop, it’s a big problem.
Capra reverses that equation. In nature, 99% of all bacteria exist in the biofilm state, and at Capra, biofilms are the solution. Biofilms mean more cells packed tightly together, working together as a team. Capra designed their unique bioreactor around this unique insight, resulting resulting in a process that requires less infrastructure, up to 100X water, and minimal downstream processing. These bring cost savings up to 90% on CAPEX and OPEX.
Capra is making high performance lubricants for the $150 billion motor oil market. But first they’re making a bio-Retinol for the cosmetics market.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Capra Biosciences + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.