Get In Touch with SupplyBetter
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. SupplyBetter + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
We help people make physical things.
Specifically, we perform intelligent matching to help mechanical design engineers find the best contract manufacturers to manufacture custom mechanical parts, with an initial focus on 3D printing in the United States.
Hardware companies finding the right supplier to make their custom designs is a huge issue today. A lot of great products end up breaking, over budget, or never produced in the first place because they choose their supplier incorrectly. We can help make sure these problems stop happening.
We’re on to something: we have some fanatically happy customers (Frog Design and Anybots are the most notable names we can share, and we’ve done work for a Fortune 100 company we can’t share), lots of engineers have this problem, and Alibaba and MFG.com have proven the market is huge.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. SupplyBetter + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.