Get In Touch with Stream Genomics
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Stream Genomics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Why we invested:
At a small networking event, the founders said softly to us: “we are working on a technology that can completely upend the entire sequencing industry.” We leaned in to listen; after all, the founders have been working the front lines during every major pivotal point in sequencing history: Illumina’s acquisition of Solexa in 2001, the introduction of HiSeq (2010) and Novaseq (2017) which redefined the meaning of “high-throughput,” and when Ultima’s UG100 unshackled us from flow cells. Stream goes further, to untie us from library preps, from amplification, and from the massive computational overhead of imaging-based sequencing.
Their technology leverages a proprietary method that can monitor chemical incorporations in real time, leading to 1000-fold reduction in compute, and up to 100-fold increase in speed than the technologies we have today. The best part: the sequencer itself is an order of magnitude cheaper, which solves the switching cost for customers. The engineer, scientist, and commercialization leaders on the executive team have a combined 60+ years of experience at major competitors, including Illumina, PacBio, and Ultima. We believe that SPEED will unlock and expand markets like what Netflix did to Blockbuster, what PCs did to supercomputers, what Amazon 2-day delivery did to retail, and this is the team to execute it.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Stream Genomics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.