Get In Touch with Jointechlabs, Inc.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Jointechlabs, Inc. + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Pioneering access to high-quality fat grafts, fat-derived stem cells, and cell therapies
Jointechlabs is a regenerative medicine solutions company based in California providing FDA-cleared technology that empowers safe, cost-effective point-of-care regenerative medicine therapies to eliminate pain and suffering, and make you look and feel better. With 9 granted patents, signed distributors, efficient team, NIH grant, early sales, and several pipeline products, Jointechlabs is creating a regenerative medicine ecosystem as a standard of care.
Their device, MiniTC, has been shown to isolate fat-derived stem cells at in a disposable, closed loop medical device in any clinic setting, with no change in infrastructure. It’s fast gaining adoption in medical aesthetics, plastic and reconstructive surgeries, orthopedics and wound care. This platform is unlocking a therapeutic development program, their first program in clinical development, JTL-T-01, is a proprietary injectable stem cell biologic therapy for osteoarthritis, and is already approved under FDA’s 510k program.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Jointechlabs, Inc. + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.