Get In Touch with Perennial
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Perennial + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
At all stages of our lives, our nutritional needs vary. Babies have different nutritional requirements, as do pregnant mothers and rapidly growing teens. Want to live forever? There’s probably an optimum diet for that as well.
That’s why Perennial is using their plant-based dairy platform to go after the elderly (>50) nutrition market with a high-value, indulgent drink, thoughtfully crafted to support the gut and the brains of aging adults. Perennial uses advanced technologies to take the best features of dairy and plant ingredients to break apart healthy fats and adhere them to the surface of plant proteins, making the resulting fat/protein matrix perform even better than actual dairy. Perennial is paving the way to purposeful nutrition that tastes good, and is easy to access.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Perennial + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.