Get In Touch with VemiCo Ltd
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. VemiCo Ltd + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
We address modern lifestyle diseases and conditions without the need to change person’s lifestyle, with a novel and unique technology that mimics the communication skills of certain beneficial members of the gut microbiome. We integrate sequencing/informatics technologies and synthetic biology to identify and advance promising molecules encoded in gut microbial DNA. Our developing platform allows us to identify, characterize and prioritize naturally occurring molecules for nutraceuticals application and further redesign them in silico providing practical access to numerous new potential drugs. Our aim is to create sustainable, cost effective and widely available therapies that improve sufferers’ outcomes.
Read a little more about us here:
https://www.nutraingredients.com/Article/2020/08/17/Gut-health-experts-bypass-microbiome-modulation-with-redesigned-supplements#
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. VemiCo Ltd + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.