Get In Touch with Khepra
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Khepra + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
With our current technologies, the world’s global production and supply of energy will not be able to meet future demands. This is doubly true as more and more corporate promises are flooding in, aiming to achieve “net zero” by 2050. We need new technologies not only to produce and store energy, but also to move us away from carbon-intensive sources like petroleum.
To meet the diverse needs of a global energy market, Khepra uses fuel production as power storage for excess renewable electricity. Khepra is building reactors that deploy high intensity ultrasound frequencies to take flaked waste — everything from unrecyclable plastics to biomass to cardboard — and even mixed waste — and break the chemical bonds in the waste. This releases valuable chemicals and fuels, which are readily sold to refineries. Zero waste remains — everything in the reactor becomes fuel. Khepra will be working with Alabama Energy Group to upcycle their pulp and paper waste streams into fuels.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Khepra + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.