Get In Touch with Nat4Bio
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Nat4Bio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Every day, more food (and more resources to grow that food) is required to feed an ever-increasing world population. Consequently, reducing spoilage is becoming a vital element of any sustainable strategy.
Nat4Bio is a biotechnology platform that develops naturally-sourced and zero-residue coatings that protect fruit from spoilage. They leverage microbial fermentation of selected fungi & bacteria in order to produce natural compounds with relevant properties. Through carefully designed downstream processes, they are able to obtain cell-free compounds, meaning they use microbes’ active principles without the microbes themselves. Their first product is a natural and edible coating for fresh lemons that could potentially replace the combination of waxes and chemical fungicides. They are also working with blueberries and avocados, and their goal is to expand their portfolio to address the specific needs of all types of fruit.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Nat4Bio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.