Get In Touch with Collaborate.com
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Collaborate.com + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Collaborate.com is a unified document sharing, task management, and team communication environment for today’s mobile workforce. With native support for iPhone™, iPod Touch™, Android™, and the Web – and out-of-the-box integration with popular cloud services such as Box™, Dropbox™, Evernote™, Google Drive™, Apple iCloud™, and email – teams can get started with Collaborate.com in minutes by visiting the Collaborate.com Web site or downloading the app directly from the App Store or Google Play.
Collaborate.com is a service of Boston-based Kibits Corp. The company was founded in 2011 by seasoned entrepreneurs Matt Cutler and David Greenstein and is backed by Google Ventures, Charles River Ventures, General Catalyst, SOS Ventures, Commonwealth Capital Ventures, Launch Capital, and others.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Collaborate.com + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.