Get In Touch with Re-Fresh Global
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Re-Fresh Global + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
In America alone, an estimated 12 million tons of textile waste – equivalent to 85% of all textiles – end up in landfills on a yearly basis, because recycling is not trivial. There are almost two dozen methods to recycle specific fiber types, ONLY if the garment waste happens to be 100% of a single fiber. These are scaling very slowly, because almost all the waste is highly diverse, with blended fibers and different materials used in the same garment.
Re-Fresh offers circularity to mixed textile waste, by repurposing them into a variety of second lives, such as bioethanol, textile pulp, and nanocellulose. Re-Fresh uses proprietary chemical and mechanical processes to transform textile waste into high-quality materials at scale. Furthermore, their methods scale down to medium-sized businesses, reaching customers who’ve never had the resources to install recycling systems. In 2021, Re-Fresh conducted a pilot with the city of Kfar Saba in Israel, where they collected used textile waste from a hospital in the city. In less than two weeks, Re-Fresh demonstrated that they could reuse 38% of the collected deadstock and a full 60% were upcycled.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Re-Fresh Global + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.