Get In Touch with Nukoko
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Nukoko + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Cocoa-free chocolate that is healthier and dramatically less impactful on the environment
For centuries, chocolate has been a staple ingredient and sweet treat in diets all over the world, but its future is in trouble. Chocolate production has long been associated with significant carbon emissions and deforestation, with a looming supply deficit predicted by 2030. To save chocolate, Nukoko is transforming the industry with its sustainable and healthy range of cocoa-free chocolate products. Their innovative solution uses precision fermentation to recreate chocolate flavors without relying on increasingly rare cocoa beans, making them the first ‘bean to bar’ maker to utilize this cutting-edge technology. With their proprietary platform, Nukoko can create chocolate using locally sourced beans from temperate regions.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Nukoko + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.