Get In Touch with Amino Labs
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Amino Labs + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Amino Labs is pioneering accessible genetic engineering by enabling non-experts to begin learning and doing genetic engineering projects outside of traditional environments. With a technology ecosystem that includes a new type of lab equipment called a minilab, a wide range of genetic engineering wetware kits, and online software simulations, Amino Labs offers the most comprehensive range of genetic engineering education products on the market.
Amino Labs is unique in that it is the only company that tailors products for non-experts. Presently there are educational products that aid in teaching genetic engineering, however, they are designed and developed for “expert” teachers that have professional training (life science Ph.D or industry expertise), and for schools with traditional laboratory equipment. This represents a substantial barrier and we estimate that more than 90% of secondary schools, more than 47,000 schools in North America, are unable to offer genetic engineering education to their students.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Amino Labs + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.