Get In Touch with Metabolic Psychiatry Labs
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Metabolic Psychiatry Labs + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The proven treatment for serious mental illness through food.
Dr. Sethi’s approach rewrites the entire treatment playbook. Her protocol deftly navigates the complex interactions between diet and psychiatric medications, optimizing treatment while minimizing side effects. She’s currently working with 30 lucky clients, who got ahead of the long waitlist, but she wants to scale her practice 1000-fold.
Four major insurers have credentialed MPL, and are now reimbursing her protocol. MPL does not replace existing providers, it supplements them: Providers can implement her system to improve patient outcomes and increase revenue streams for the clinic. Per patient, up to $5000 of annual reimbursements is left on the table by ignoring the nutritional and metabolic aspects of mental health. Multiply that by 10 million adults with SMI in the US already receiving care.
Last year, we invested in MPL because we saw a vision for an integrated AI approach to take MPL to scale, to democratize access to Dr. Sethi’s protocol, and to leverage large datasets to improve our understanding of drug-diet-ketosis interactions and to push the new frontier in mental health care.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Metabolic Psychiatry Labs + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.