Get In Touch with Afynia
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Afynia + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Trusted source for information & easy-to-use products for women’s health conditions
Globally, one in ten women will suffer from endometriosis, a painful and debilitating gynecological condition. On average, women don’t get a proper diagnosis for five to twelve years after the onset of symptoms because, until now, the only reliable way to do so was via laparoscopic surgery that can cost over $20,000 and require three months of recovery. Moreover, endometriosis symptoms overlap with 25 other conditions, meaning undiagnosed women face years of costly trial-and-error treatment.
Afynia has created the first and only patented blood test for diagnosing endometriosis early. It returns a result in days, not years, and will be offered through clinics and home collection kits beginning in 2024. Based on decades of research by co-founders Dr. Lauren Foster, PhD, and Dr. Jocelyn Wessels, PhD, former academics at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, the endometriosis test is just the beginning. Afynia is building a digital women’s health platform that will provide diagnostics, virtual care, and prescription deliveries for endometriosis and other conditions.
For too long, the world has normalized and undertreated chronic pelvic pain. With Afynia, women have the opportunity to become full-fledged partners in their own healthcare.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Afynia + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.