Get In Touch with OLI
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. OLI + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
There are nearly 1 million end-stage kidney patients in the US. And while going to the hospital or center for dialysis is an inconvenience and major disruption to their daily lives, only 1 in 50 patients currently opt for in-home dialysis. This is because current options for in-home dialysis are unpleasant and impractical to use. They are large and obtrusive, they force patients to be stuck in their homes for extended periods, and they are very complex to operate. Oli is building a better future for these patients, by creating compact, portable, and intuitively operated dialysis systems, so that these patients can get their lives back again. Oli’s core technology has been developed around a novel sorbent that enables this huge step forward in miniaturization and simplified operation. They will begin initial deployment of their MVP in clinic, in order to accelerate regulatory approval for patient use in-home or on-the-go.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. OLI + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.