Get In Touch with NotCo
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NotCo + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
For decades, food R&D has been dedicated to make foods that are tasty, cheap, and profitable. In Matias Muchnik’s words, “that’s why the pinnacle of food R&D is a freaking Dorito.” That’s why the team at NotCo wanted to steer the next wave of food R&D to make it healthy, delicious, and affordable, focusing largely on plant-based foods. Why? First, it’s healthier and more sustainable. Second, Millennials’ preferences are driving this market and have already carved out $15 billion of growth.
NotCo is on a mission to take animals out of food production while not compromising on taste and nutrition. Their animal-free dairy and meat products are powered by Giuseppe – an AI platform with embedded food science to generate healthy and accessible products from plants. The company analyzes at a molecular level to indicate which plants must be combined in order to replicate their taste, texture, color and aroma, enabling manufacturers to discover a new source of fiber, calcium and proteins from the vegetables. NotCo delivers unprecedented experiences in milk, mayo, ice cream, plant-based meats; all tasting like the real thing.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. NotCo + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.