Get In Touch with Fermeate
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Fermeate + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
Fermeate is the first startup in the world to apply optogenetics and photomolecular gene circuits to microbial based biomanufacturing. In plain English, they control gene activity with pulsed, programmed light.
Developed over the past 11 years in the Avalos lab at Princeton, Fermeate is from the same academic lineage that inspired Prolific Machines, which we launched in 2021. Fermeate has the seminal and broad IP that covers the microbial field.
Photomolecular gene circuits open a new era in biomanufacturing. Essentially, software-like level of control, and fast on/off switching that allows biology to live up to the ideal of “programmability.”
The use cases are vast, and Fermeate has already proven this by quickly signing 4 industrial partners in the food, fuel, agriculture, and specialty chemicals sectors. Booked revenue is over $500K during our program. They are also developing an in-house product to convert waste feedstock into natural, low calorie sweeteners, making that product class as cheap as sugar.
Their hardware technology is an add-on to existing fermentation infrastructure, no new steel tanks required, and by dropping gene circuits into already-commercially deployed microbes of their partners, quickly increases yields and margins.
We expect just as much success with Fermeate as we’ve had with Prolific, and the company is a “must meet” for any investors and corporates who are in the biomanufacturing sector.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Fermeate + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.