Get In Touch with Metal Light
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Metal Light + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
New power generation technology, clean and sustainable, fueled by metal and air
Despite their widespread use, diesel generators are noisy, emit unpleasant odors, and contribute significantly to environmental pollution. In fact, they release more than double the CO2 per kilowatt delivered compared to the average US grid emissions—a discrepancy poised to widen as the grid becomes increasingly cleaner. In response to these challenges, Metal Light has introduced a groundbreaking, eco-friendly alternative to conventional diesel generators. Their innovative technology harnesses the power of energy-dense metal as fuel. The electricity generation process is not only less expensive than diesel but is also quiet, odor-free, with the only emission being low amounts of hydrogen—a valuable byproduct in itself. Remarkably, Metal Light achieves this with a cost of power delivery that undercuts traditional diesel generators. This development represents a significant step forward in providing cleaner, more sustainable, and cost-effective power generation solutions.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Metal Light + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.