Get In Touch with AMATEC
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. AMATEC + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
While essential to building the structures that enable and improve our everyday life, concrete is responsible for a whopping 8 percent of global carbon emissions; 90 percent of these emissions come from the production of cement, the primary strength-contributing ingredient of concrete. Amatec seeks to change this, with their revolutionary technology that enables production of high-density gypsum (HDG), which can be made simply and quickly, and they have demonstrated can match or exceed the performance properties of concrete, with a far lower carbon footprint. While existing processes to make gypsum require excessive amounts of water to ensure proper fluidity during the mixing step, which yield a weak material commonly used in drywall applications, Amatec’s founders have discovered an approach that allows them to use just a stoichiometric amount of water, yielding a strong, structural material with high compressive strength. Their HDG materials cure within minutes, can be made at lower cost than concrete, and also provide up to 60% lower embodied carbon than concrete. They are currently building capabilities to begin delivering their technology to the pre-cast and residential prefabrication markets.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. AMATEC + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.