Get In Touch with Asta Bio
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Asta Bio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
To treat metastatic cancer, a radiotherapeutic must deliver a potent isotope to the tumor and keep it there long enough to kill the cancer, but clear quickly enough to avoid harming healthy tissue. So far, few radiotherapeutics have managed to meet both requirements.
Boston-based Asta Bio aims to overcome these challenges with 211-Astatine—the most druggable alpha-emitting radioisotope and the only one that is made in a cyclotron rather than derived from uranium decay. It has shown immense potential to cure metastatic cancers in clinical studies.
Asta Bio engineers Radiobody™ molecules to target 211-Astatine to metastatic cancers. Derived from alpaca nanobodies, these multispecific targeting molecules remain within tumors for up to two days but clear the rest of the human body within hours—long enough to kill the cancer but short enough to avoid harming healthy tissue.
Initially, Asta Bio will focus on cancers of the lung, breast, head, neck, and gastrointestinal system. Their plan is to administer 211-Astatine containing Radiobodies™ intravenously in an advanced metastatic setting or following tumor removal to kill surviving cells that can lead to multi-organ metastasis. Currently, Asta Bio is conducting animal studies in partnership with Duke University.
Asta Bio was founded by Ahmad-Reza Saadat, a survivor of childhood cancer and biopharma executive, and Rebekah O’Donnell, PhD, engineer, immunologist, and expert in tumor physical and biological structure. Both have over 20 years of experience and have worked at venture-backed pharma startups, including several that went public. Their goal is not merely to prolong life for cancer patients, but to cure their disease.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Asta Bio + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.