Get In Touch with XIXILAB
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. XIXILAB + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
High quality, affordable and convenient teeth straightening services with invisible braces
The skin care regimen for women in China includes as many as 9 steps close to the average of 8-10 steps of women in Korea and they are willing to spend US$200 or more on hard to find cosmetics. Over 80% of China’s 200m million white-collar workers have a demand for teeth straightening but the traditional teeth straightening services in China are inconvenient and overly expensive. XIXILAB leverages technology to monitor treatments remotely and the high-quality US sourced materials in their invisible braces to provide Chinese consumers with more affordable and accessible teeth straightening. XIXILAB has partnered with 5 dental clinics and sold over 1m RMB of services.
xixilab HK致力于使用隐形牙套矫正牙齿让客户笑起来更好看。目前在中国，牙齿矫正不仅价格昂贵而且过程繁琐。科技的发展带来了医疗服务方式的革新和成本的降低，使人们无需去医院排很久的队看牙医了。通过远程监控治疗技术，使客户可以在节省时间和支出的同时获得更有效的矫正效果。xixilab价格透明，只需要花费市场同等产品价格的三分之一。中国2亿白领中有80%的人需要矫正牙齿，而现在这已经成为了一件触手可及的事情。xixilab已与5家牙科诊所建立了合作，牙齿隐形矫正服务销售额超过100万元人民币的服务，并准备逐渐扩大规模。
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. XIXILAB + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.