Get In Touch with Conan MedTech
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Conan MedTech + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The number of high-profile athletes suffering from neurodegenerative disease, the result of repeated concussions during their sports career, has raised awareness of the problems associated with recurrent concussions and the resulting brain trauma. Concussions in athletes are very common. About 3.8 million concussions occur each year in the U.S. from sports-related injuries. The CDC estimates that 5-10% of athletes will experience a concussion in any given sports season. Many of these injuries go unreported and undiagnosed, leading to mismanagement and premature return to activity. Concussion symptoms are non-specific and can be frustratingly hard to diagnose.
Conan MedTech is producing a rapid POC diagnostic test for concussions that can be performed on the sidelines. The company’s lateral flow device uses highly specific monoclonal antibodies to recognize neuronal biomarkers, which show up in saliva immediately after concussions.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Conan MedTech + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.