Get In Touch with Upside Foods
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Upside Foods + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
According to the IPCC, agricultural practices in all countries account for 18% of the total anthropogenic GHG emissions. The fecal run-off from animal agriculture pollutes our waterways, and puts the human race at risk with antibiotic-resistant superbugs. Replacing livestock would put a huge impact on our planet.
That’s why Upside Foods was the first to use cellular agriculture to grow the meat you love, in the lab instead of a farm. Upside was the poster child of cellular agriculture when it was hot in 2015, promising 90% carbon reduction compared to traditional factory farms. This is not a plant substitute; this is real meat. Smaller land footprint, fewer carbon emissions, none of the murder, and all of the flavor.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Upside Foods + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.