Get In Touch with Renovate Robotics
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Renovate Robotics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
The US is facing a massive labor shortage, which has dramatic implications to new home construction, repairs to existing units in case of damage due to ever-increasing storms as a result of climate change, and also severely delays further deployment of rooftop solar. Climate is causing increasing damage, with over 20 annual climate-related events causing >$1B worth of damage, up from less than 5 such events per year, just 25 years ago. Roofing work in particular is an undesirable and dangerous task, leaving major gaps in workforce and creating further backlogs in roofing construction. Renovate is automating roofing and solar installation. They have built Rufus, an automated robotic roofing system which is able to install shingles and solar shingles on residential homes. Rufus installs shingles and delivers consistent quality, thus increasing the productivity, safety, quality, and speed of roof installation. The Rufus system adapts easily to different roof geometries, and is designed to run autonomously, requiring only a single human operator to monitor it and refill materials. They have built a full system prototype, carried out internal testing and have piloted with initial customers, and are planning for contractors to begin leasing robots in the summer of 2025.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Renovate Robotics + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.