Get In Touch with Earnest Agriculture
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Earnest Agriculture + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
To feed a global population of 9.7 billion people by 2050, farmers need to produce 50% more calories than they do today. However, large-scale farms rely on synthetic fertilizers, which degrade their soil and release more CO2 emissions than global aviation and shipping combined.
Earnest Agriculture has designed a microbial consortium that protects crops against diseases, pests, and drought while improving soil health. Applied as a seed coating, it’s a triple whammy that can boost yields by 7x, reduce synthetic chemical use, and make crops more resilient to climate change. Earnest sources its patented microbes from natural prairies and uses a machine learning algorithm to formulate a microbe consortium that works in diverse climates and soil conditions. By focusing on the $570 billion livestock feed market first and crops for human consumption second, Earnest will minimize regulatory friction and get to market faster.
The grandchildren of farmers, co-founders Gabe Price, PhD, and Eddy Mejia launched Earnest in 2019. They currently have a paid pilot with CD Ford and Sons and field trials with the University of Illinois, Grand Farms, and Winfield United. A win for farmers, soils, and our climate, Earnest probiotics will play an important role in global food security.
Please tell us a little bit about yourself and why you'd like to get connected. Earnest Agriculture + SOSV will follow up with you via email.
No Offer, Solicitation, Advice, or Recommendation
Except to the extent expressly set forth in materials as may be provided through a password protected area on the SOSV website (the "Materials"), or as otherwise expressly specified by SOSV in writing, nothing on the SOSV website or on any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, is intended to constitute (i) an offer, or solicitation of an offer, to purchase or sell any security, other asset or service, (ii) investment advice or an offer to provide such advice, or (iii) a basis for making any investment decision. Except as expressly stated by SOSV in writing, neither the SOSV website or any platform or other communications medium owned, operated or otherwise by or on behalf of SOSV, nor any of the Materials make any effort to present a comprehensive or balanced description of SOSV or its investment activities. Please note the SOSV Communication Policy available here.