Welcome to the Biomanufacturing Matchup Event, where biology meets bold ambition.
EXPECTED > 200 startups | 200 investors | 1 week of virtual meetings | Free
UPDATE (APR.14) > There are already 250+ startups and 250+ investors registered!
From sustainable jet fuel to protein production, from next-gen pharmaceuticals to high-performance biomaterials—there are few limits to what can be manufactured with biology today.
As global demand accelerates for sustainable, high-performance, and planet-positive products, startups across health, food, energy, agriculture, beauty, and materials are answering the call—with biology as their engine.
This virtual matchmaking event brings together the innovators and the investors driving that shift. Whether you’re refining enzyme pathways, developing novel bioreactors, reimagining cell therapies, or scaling biomanufacturing infrastructure—you’ll find aligned minds (and money) here.
The event is 100% free and open to all investors and founders in the category. We expect about 200 startups and 200 investors to join this inaugural event on biomanufacturing.
Registration
Startup Registration | Investor Registration
- March 28 – Registration opens
- April 14 – Meeting requests open
- April 21-25 – Meetings take place
More details below.
What Are VC-Founder Matchups?
WHAT > SOSV Matchups are VIRTUAL, GLOBAL and FREE matchmaking events focused on specific themes and open to all investors and all early stage founders worldwide.
WHY > Better connect the investor-founder ecosystems related to human and planetary health.
SCALE > From 100 to 1000+ participants depending on theme. Since 2022, 2,000+ investors and 3,000+ founders have participated.
RESULTS > Feel your market, find investors, find investments. Many thousands of meetings and numerous investments took place already. SOSV alone invested in 8 startups discovered during matchups.
DURATION > Typically run over a week, making it easier to place 20-min meetings at convenient times.
CURATION > Registration requires a high level of detail from participants. This enables better targeting of meetings.
PROCESS > Matchups are “self-service”. Participants reach out to set up meetings.
Who Should Attend
For this inaugural event, we expect 200 startups and 200 investors. Many of our other matchups exceeded those numbers, with up to 1,000+ participants.
- Startups: Startups focused on Biomanufacturing, from pre-seed up to series B.
- Investors: VCs, CVCs, FOs, syndicates and angel investors with a checkbook.
- Nobody else, please: Service providers, this event is not for you.
What to Expect
- Many High Quality Participants: A typical matchup attracts the top founders and investors in the ecosystem.
- 100% Matchmaking: No talks or panels. The Matchup is a unique opportunity to identify and connect quickly and efficiently with relevant founders and investors.
- Detailed Startups Profiles: Filter startups easily according to their sector, location, funding stage and more.
- Detailed Investors Profiles: Find who focuses on your sector, stage and geography.
FAQs
Q: Why are matchups one week long?
Q: What is the duration of meetings?
Q: How many meetings can I book?
Q: I’m a founder. No one is responding to my requests.
Q: I’m a founder. Should I include my pitch deck?
Q: The platform is not convenient. Can I connect outside?
Past Participants
Past participants include prominent VC and CVC firms such as:
3M Ventures, 8VC, AlleyCorp, ARCH Venture Partners, Astanor Ventures, BASF Venture, Box Group, Bessemer Venture Partners, Bosch Ventures, Cargill, Coatue Management, Collaborative Fund, Counteract, DCVC, Dow, Ecosystem Integrity Fund, Global Brain, H&M Group Ventures, Honda Xcelerator Ventures, In-Q-Tel, Joyance Partners, Khosla Ventures, Illumina Ventures, Main Sequence Ventures, Merck, Plum Alley, Ponderosa Ventures, Prelude Ventures, ReGen Ventures, Rhapsody Venture Partners, Siemens, Sony, Speedinvest, Stanley Ventures, Sumitomo Corporation of Americas, Systemiq Capital, The Engine Accelerator, Touchdown Ventures, Verge HealthTech Fund, Wavemaker 360 .
How to Get Involved
Stay tuned for registration details and agenda updates for each Matchup. We can’t wait to see you at one—or all—of our 2025 Matchups!
Sign up to SOSV’s newsletter to hear about upcoming events.