Partnership to promote next-generation startups driving advancements at the intersection of sustainability, nutrition, health and wellness.
ADM Ventures, the corporate venture capital arm of ADM, today announced its collaboration with the Genesis Consortium. Genesis, founded by Silicon Valley-based investors SOSV and Mayfield Fund, is a global alliance of venture capital firms and corporations dedicated to supporting startups that leverage biology to promote human and planetary health. SOSV is the parent company of IndieBio, a leading startup accelerator and early-stage investor for biology-centered startups worldwide.
A global leader in human and animal nutrition, ADM actively partners with innovators advancing sustainability across the company’s diverse, global business. Recently announced engagements with startup companies such as Air Protein, Spiber, and NET Power underscore ADM’s dedication to sustainable innovation. This new partnership will accelerate the commercial launch and scale-up of startups that leverage biology to promote human and planetary health.
“ADM and the Genesis Consortium share a common focus at the intersection of sustainability, nutrition, and health and wellness. We view the Genesis Consortium as a conduit through which ADM can collaborate with emerging players in the industry to bring to market new, natural products that simultaneously meet consumer demands and solve pressing global challenges,” said Ian Pinner, ADM’s Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer. “Innovative startups are unlocking scientific advancements by leveraging biology and fermentation to produce nutritional, health and wellness, and bio-material solutions sustainably and cost-competitively. ADM is focused on leveraging its deep expertise in fermentation to accelerate the commercialization of these game-changing innovations.”
The Genesis Consortium unites a diverse network of technologists, venture investors, and corporations to translate life science breakthroughs into commercially viable businesses that solve pressing human and planetary health problems. Genesis builds a strong foundation for the early-stage venture ecosystem by supporting scientific and technical founders with the resources necessary to scale their life science startups from the earliest stages.