We’re thrilled that seven SOSV portfolio companies have been selected for the 2025 Startup Battlefield 200, TechCrunch’s annual list of the 200 most promising early-stage startups worldwide.
As TechCrunch put it: “These founders rose to the top from thousands of applications spanning every industry and geography.” Each will have the chance to exhibit at TechCrunch Disrupt 2025, taking place October 27–29 at San Francisco’s Moscone West.
Check them out below, or better yet, buy your tickets here for 25% off all pass types to be able to meet them in person.
Antarka
Stefano (Tefo) Valdesolo, CEO & Co-founder
Antarka is redefining skincare with next-generation enzymes that actively repair DNA damage caused by UV radiation. Their enzyme is safe for topical use, with produces no adverse effects observed in safety evaluations, and early clinical studies in humans show visible improvements in overall skin appearance, demonstrating high performance in increasing skin elasticity and firmness.
CarbonBridge
Manu Pillai, CEO & Co-Founder
Carbon Bridge is a revolution in gas fermentation, leveraging biology to bring next generation molecule synthesis with compact, highly efficient, direct-gas bioreactor. CarbonBridge’s bioreactor does not suspend microbes in aqueous media, it’s proprietary direct gas system eliminates spargers, bubbles, agitators, and high pressures with 4x more productivity than the next best bioreactor with <60 sec response time to process changes.
Kaio Labs
William Purvis, CEO & Co-Founder
Kaio is an AI-powered materials discovery platform for sustainable fuels and chemicals, accelerating modular CO₂-to-chemicals technology. They believe in a chemical industry where distributed, modular manufacturing complements centralized production, creating more resilient and efficient systems.
Namu Robotics
Randy Ko, CEO
Namu Robotics is a reforestation robot on a mission to supercharge reforestation with autonomous, AI-powered-tree planters Their robot provides live planting maps, species data, and environmental insights in one single custom dashboard, creating 3x faster tree planting, 80+% higher survival rate, and 30+% cost savings to alternatives.
Serene Sleep
Zack Bright, CEO
Serene Sleep is like Invisalign for snoring and sleep apnea. They’ve developed a simple, in-office procedure using palatal implants to treat these conditions in just 15 minutes.
Tensorfield Agriculture
Xiong Chang, CEO & Co-Founder
Tensorfield Agriculture is pioneering the commercial adoption of thermal micro-jetting for weed control and thinning in vegetable crops. They eradicate weeds using superheated vegetable oil, no herbesides. Their machines operate semi-autonomously, with a continuous 232 nozzle array treating one 80-inch bed at 1.2 mph with 1/4 inch precision. By design, travel speed is independent of weed pressure, and each nozzle array covers 1 acre per hour whether there’s 50,000 weeds per acre or 500,00.
Unibaio
Matias Figliozzi, CEO & Co-Founder
Unibaio develops microparticles based on natural polymers and circular economy to improve agro-inputs performance. Their particles trap the active ingredients of pesticides, fertilizers, and phytosanitary, enabling them to penetrate plants more efficiently. This allows for an increase in their effectiveness and a reduction in their application doses up to 80%.