Women’s health is gaining attention as a critical area for research, innovation, and investment. In its January 2024 report, McKinsey estimated that “Investments addressing the women’s health gap could add years to life and life to years—and potentially boost the global economy by $1 trillion annually by 2040”.
Venture investment in startups focused on disease and conditions specific to women has been small compared to other health categories, but investment has more than tripled since 2018 according to SVB’s Dec 2023 report.
In keeping with SOSV’s commitment to deep tech for human and planetary health, SOSV is one the leading VCs in the women’s health field (#2 most active globally according to Pitchbook), with 21 startups in our portfolio, and we are excited to announce that our next virtual VC-Founder Matchup event, February 3-7, is dedicated to the women’s health tech startup ecosystem.
The event is 100% free and open to all investors and founders in the category.
Registration
Startup Registration | Investor Registration
- January 13 – Registration opens
- January 27 – Platform opens for meeting requests
- February 3-7 – Meetings take place
More details below.
What Are VC-Founder Matchups?
WHAT > SOSV Matchups are VIRTUAL, GLOBAL and FREE matchmaking events focused on specific themes and open to all investors and all early stage founders worldwide. Investors and founders supply detailed information at registration so that both sides can zero in on strong prospects and request meetings.
WHY > SOSV hosts these matchups to better connect the investor-founder ecosystems related to human and planetary health.
SCALE > Matchups vary in scale from 50+ to 1000+ participants depending on the scale of the ecosystem. Since 2022, more than 2,000 investors and close to 3,000 founders have participated, leading to thousands of meetings and numerous investments (SOSV alone already invested in 8 startups discovered during matchups).
DURATION > Matchups typically run over a week, during which time participants take mutually agreed to 20 minute introductory meetings.
Who Should Attend
For this inaugural event, there are already 150+ investors and 250+ startups registered.
- Startups: Startups focused on Women’s Health, from pre-seed up to series B.
- Investors: VCs, CVCs, FOs, syndicates and angel investors with a checkbook.
- Nobody else, please: Service providers, this event is not for you.
What to Expect
- Many High Quality Participants: A typical matchup attracts the top founders and investors in the ecosystem.
- 100% Matchmaking: No talks or panels. The Matchup is a unique opportunity to identify and connect quickly and efficiently with relevant founders and investors.
- Detailed Startups Profiles: Filter startups easily according to their sector, location, funding stage and more.
- Detailed Investors Profiles: Find who focuses on your sector, stage and geography.
FAQs
Q: Why are matchups one week long?
Q: What is the duration of meetings?
Q: How many meetings can I book?
Q: I’m a founder. No one is responding to my requests.
Q: I’m a founder. Should I include my pitch deck?
Q: The platform is not convenient. Can I connect outside?
Past Participants
Past participants include prominent VC and CVC firms such as:
3M Ventures, 8VC, AlleyCorp, ARCH Venture Partners, Astanor Ventures, BASF Venture, Box Group, Bessemer Venture Partners, Bosch Ventures, Cargill, Coatue Management, Collaborative Fund, Counteract, DCVC, Dow, Ecosystem Integrity Fund, Global Brain, H&M Group Ventures, Honda Xcelerator Ventures, In-Q-Tel, Joyance Partners, Khosla Ventures, Illumina Ventures, Main Sequence Ventures, Merck, Plum Alley, Ponderosa Ventures, Prelude Ventures, ReGen Ventures, Rhapsody Venture Partners, Siemens, Sony, Speedinvest, Stanley Ventures, Sumitomo Corporation of Americas, Systemiq Capital, The Engine Accelerator, Touchdown Ventures, Verge HealthTech Fund, Wavemaker 360 .
How to Get Involved
Stay tuned for registration details and agenda updates for each Matchup. We can’t wait to see you at one—or all—of our 2025 Matchups!
Sign up to SOSV’s newsletter to hear about upcoming events.