As cocoa prices skyrocket and demand for eco-friendly food options intensifies, IndieBio alum Voyage Foods has partnered with global food giant Cargill to scale its sustainable alternatives to cocoa-based products, as well as nut spreads without peanuts & hazelnuts.
Cargill will be the exclusive B2B global distributor for Voyage Foods, expanding its traditional chocolate portfolio to include new alternatives to cocoa-based products. The cocoa-free range will be used in the recipe formulation for categories like bakery, ice cream and confectionery, resulting in a broader range of solutions that are vegan and produced with no nut or dairy allergens.
“Cargill is proud to partner with Voyage Foods, investing in the next generation of even more sustainable food solutions. We want to be our customers’ main source of inspiration and growth, setting new standards for innovating and collaborating. To do this, we’re anticipating future trends by focusing on exciting, high-value categories such as ice cream, sweet bakery and chocolate confectionery,” explains Inge Demeyere, Managing Director of Bakery, Ice Cream and Chocolate Confectionery Europe at Cargill.
“Alternatives to cocoa-based products are a great accompaniment to the traditional chocolate solutions that Cargill offers its customers,” she adds. “This partnership is just one of the many ways that we are future-proofing our portfolio and meeting consumer demands and market regulations when it comes to even more sustainable options.”
Voyage Foods uses its proprietary technology to replicate products and applications with the chocolate flavor that consumers know and love, without allergens or high environmental impact.
“Voyage Foods has always been focused on solving human and environmental health challenges through food. The best way to accomplish this is by supplying the world’s food brands and manufacturers with our impactful ingredients. Partnering with Cargill, a leader in the food industry for over 100 years, is the perfect way to scale these solutions globally to offer food manufacturers the ability to integrate cocoa-free confectionery and spreads, produced with no nut or dairy allergens used in the recipe formulation, into their portfolios. Together, we’re amplifying our impact on people and the planet,” says Adam Maxwell, CEO and Founder of Voyage Foods.
The cocoa-free confectionery range will first be available in Europe, with other global regions following shortly.