Rybodyn, Inc. is making waves in biotech with its groundbreaking discovery of a cryptic human proteome and a $4 million pre-seed funding round. A 2024 graduate of SOSV’s IndieBio SF, Rybodyn is targeting the dark proteome to pioneer first-in-class immunotherapies for cancer – with the potential to address a wide range of other diseases as well.
At the heart of Rybodyn’s breakthrough is RyboCypher™, a proprietary RNA sequencing technology that identifies RNA molecules previously overlooked by next-generation sequencing methods. Already, RyboCypher™ has uncovered thousands of previously unrecognized protein fragments, or peptides, on cell surfaces. Of the over 8,000 fragments identified, approximately 1,000 are cancer-cell specific, presenting new opportunities for therapeutic development.
“We knew this class of RNA molecules existed in cells before we developed RyboCypher™ to observe them at high resolution. What we didn’t realize was how much protein is being produced from them,” says Dr. Corey Dambacher, Co-founder and President of Rybodyn in the company’s recent press release. “We now have a scalable way to find and validate these peptides for making new immunotherapies.”
The cryptic human proteome resides in regions of the genome once dismissed as “junk” DNA. Many of these newly discovered proteins, designated as Dark Targets™, are druggable peptides uniquely expressed on cancer cells, making them ideal for immunotherapy. “What sets Rybodyn apart from other dark genome startups is their novel method for visualizing a dark proteome that others can’t see,” says Po Bronson, General Partner at SOSV and Managing Director of IndieBio SF.
The round was co-led by Genedant Capital and SeaX Ventures, with significant participation from SOSV and Swell VC. Rybodyn plans to use the new funding to expand its target discovery and accelerate drug development. Dr. Imad Ajjawi, CEO and co-founder of RyboDyn says, “Our goal is to build a premier pipeline of first-in-class, next-generation immunotherapies, developed both internally and in partnership with large pharmaceutical companies.”