SOSV’s IndieBio NY just held a demo day at its offices in Manhattan. Fifteen spectacular deep tech founders tackling human and planetary health took the stage in front of a packed audience of investors. The IndieBio NY team made this terrific video to kick off the event and introduce the main deep tech themes of the demo day. It’s a great peek inside the remarkable world of IndieBio NY. The list of companies that pitched is below.
Here are the themes of IndieBio NY’s demo day and brief descriptions of the companies within each.
New Modalities: Driving Innovation in Next-Generation Therapies
- heXembio
Rejuvenating human blood cells for improved healthspan. - Tinkeso Therapeutics
Novel allogeneic Natural Killer T (NKT) cell therapies for oncology and autoimmune diseases. - Asta Bio
Single-domain antibody-radioisotope conjugates for radio-immunotherapy that specifically target tumors, not the patient. - BioLattice
Eliminating the need for human donor corneal tissue by restoring sight with an artificial, full thickness corneal replacement.
Biological Pesticides: The Eco-Friendly Revolution Transforming Agriculture
- BugBiome
Outsmarting pests with microbiome-derived bioinsecticides, rivaling chemical solutions. - Quorum Earth
Using the power of the fungal kingdom to develop non-toxic biopesticides to save the bees. - Semion
Activating plant defense mechanisms silenced during the process of domestication to develop novel pest control solutions.
The New Sustainability: Upcycling Waste
- Mothership Materials
Capturing new ingredients by molecularly upcycling agricultural waste, paving the way for a sustainable, circular, and traceable bioeconomy. - Capro-X
Deploying open microbiome bio-refineries to upcycle waste to replace petrochemicals and palm oil with carbon-negative platform biochemicals. - Sci-Lume Labs
Turning agricultural waste into a truly circular synthetic fiber, weaving a sustainable apparel future without oil or trash. - Tastee Tape
Reducing the 13 million pounds of packaging film with a bio-based, health-conscious, affordable option.
Rewriting the Future: Transforming How We Build and Power the Future
- Starstone
Paving the way for low carbon concrete, using biology and fermentors instead of quarries and kilns. - Nanoplume
- Manufacturing the next generation of ultra-insulating, affordable, bio-based aerogels to maximize energy efficiency across multiple industries.
- Bactery
Capturing green energy generated by bacteria found in soil for remote sensors and IoT devices. - Giraffe Bio
Data-driven biomolecular design to boost the efficiency and sustainability of mining for critical minerals.