Climate Week NYC is one of the world’s leading global climate gatherings and it’s just around the corner!
But this one feels a bit different. In past years, we came together with a sense of optimism. This year, we come with urgency.
Washington’s retreat from climate programs and the venture market’s pullback from climate tech have sent shockwaves through the ecosystem. Startups are navigating rougher waters. And yet, the need for breakthrough solutions has never been greater.
At SOSV and across our startup development programs – IndieBio and HAX – we’re not slowing down in our mission to fund deep tech founders intent on making a profound impact on planetary health.
This Climate Week NYC, we’re proud to host and participate in a series of events that spotlight the radical science, deep tech solutions, and collaborations building a stronger foundation for a future economy. Here’s where you can join us:
Monday, September 22nd
Securing the Elements of the Future | Hosted by Kompas
11:00 AM – 1:30 PM
The role of foundational materials (steel, concrete, aluminum, and critical minerals) is shifting and industries must adapt with new innovations. This session brings together established players and bold new challengers — from global incumbents to next-generation startups — for a high-energy dialogue on how foundational materials can stay essential, resilient, and competitive in the decades ahead.
Deep Tech Live with CEO of Fervo Energy, Tim Latimer | Hosted by SOSV
6:00 PM – 8:00 PM
Tim Latimer, CEO and co-founder of Fervo Energy, and Duncan Turner, General Partner at SOSV and Managing Director of HAX will explore breakthroughs making next-gen geothermal a game-changing source of 24/7 carbon-free power and what it takes to scale hard tech solutions for the grid.
In-Person Event Sold Out!
Tuesday, September 23rd
AI for Energy & Energy for AI | Hosted by CLAI Ventures
10:00 AM – 12:00 PM
Join two panels on how AI is transforming energy and climate and how energy challenges are reshaping the future of AI. The first panel includes insights from CLAI Ventures portfolio founders at the frontlines of climate and AI innovation, including Mish Thadani (Rhizome), Matineh Eybpoosh (Powerline), and Julian Green (Brightband). The second panel includes perspectives from leaders shaping the future of computing, philanthropy, and industrial strategy, including John Belizaire (CEO, Soluna), Charlie Yang (Renaissance Philanthropy), and David Wang (Verdonck Partners).
Greentown Labs Startup Showcase at Climate Week NYC | Hosted by Greentown Labs
2:00 PM – 4:00 PM
Join Greentown Labs for a showcase of their groundbreaking member startups! These startups are innovating across the key GHG-emitting sectors, including electricity, agriculture, buildings, manufacturing, and transportation as well as in resiliency and adaptation.
Facing the Headwinds: What Still Excites Climate Tech Investors | Hosted by Honda Xcelerator Ventures
6:00 PM – 8:00 PM
Headwinds hit the climate sector, even before the direction change from the current administration, yet important climate technologies and companies are still moving ahead, closing investment rounds and winning business in the marketplace. The new face of climate tech is more resilient and market-disciplined than ever. This investor panel including Partner at Helios Climate Ventures, Piva Capital, and Volo Earth Ventures, HAX / SOSV, will discuss the new characteristics of climate investing and where they see the biggest opportunities.
Wednesday, September 24th
Supply Chain Sovereignty: Why Biomanufacturing is Mission Critical | Hosted by SOSV, IndieBio and Closed Loop Ventures
10:00 AM – 12:00 PM
Join a curated group of corporate leaders, investors, and innovators for an intimate, high-impact discussion on the future of manufacturing. As global supply chains face mounting pressure, biomanufacturing is emerging not just as a technological breakthrough, but as an economic necessity. Come with thoughts on where biomanufacturing can be best leveraged to unlock supply chain sovereignty, what the role of non-traditional private capital and public capital can be, and what new business models can exist to support a (centralized or decentralized) bioeconomy.
Meet 20 HAX Hard Tech Climate Startups | Hosted by SOSV and HAX
6:00 PM – 8:00 PM
Join SOSV and HAX for a fast-paced showcase featuring 20 startups from SOSV’s hard tech program, HAX, based in Newark, NJ. These companies, working across energy, materials, manufacturing, and more, will each deliver a rapid-fire 2-minute pitch on their breakthrough technologies and climate impact.
Thursday, September 25th
Sustainable Innovation: From Breakthrough to Impact | Hosted by Syensqo
8:30 AM – 10:30 AM
Discover how sustainable innovation moves from concept to commercialization in a discussion with visionary academics, industry leaders, entrepreneurs, and investors driving the green transition. They’ll explore how startups are advancing the frontier in energy, materials, mobility, and more, featuring pioneers behind the world’s first non-stop, zero-emission green hydrogen flight around the globe—and examine what it takes to scale, from pilots to production, navigating policy hurdles, aligning capital, and forging the cross-sector collaboration needed to turn bold ideas into real progress toward climate goals.