We are excited to announce IndieBio New York’s Demo Day, which will be held on February 12, 2025 at our office in New York City. We will also be celebrating IndieBio NY’s Fifth anniversary!
There are two ways investors may participate: in-person at our office, or online through our virtual demo day portal. Here are the links to register:
- February 12 – In-Person, Investors only – 1:45 – 5:00 PM ET Register
- February 12 – Online, Investors only – 5:00 PM ET Register
Here are the companies that will be pitching for demo day:
New Modalities: Driving Innovation in Next-Generation Therapies
- heXembio
Rejuvenating human blood cells for improved healthspan. - Tinkeso Therapeutics
Novel allogeneic Natural Killer T (NKT) cell therapies for oncology and autoimmune diseases. - Asta Bio
Single-domain antibody-radioisotope conjugates for radio-immunotherapy that specifically target tumors, not the patient. - BioLattice
Eliminating the need for human donor corneal tissue by restoring sight with an artificial, full thickness corneal replacement.
Biological Pesticides: The Eco-Friendly Revolution Transforming Agriculture
- BugBiome
Outsmarting pests with microbiome-derived bioinsecticides, rivaling chemical solutions. - Quorum Earth
Using the power of the fungal kingdom to develop non-toxic biopesticides to save the bees. - Semion
Activating plant defense mechanisms silenced during the process of domestication to develop novel pest control solutions.
The New Sustainability: Upcycling Waste
- Mothership Materials
Capturing new ingredients by molecularly upcycling agricultural waste, paving the way for a sustainable, circular, and traceable bioeconomy. - Capro-X
Deploying open microbiome bio-refineries to upcycle waste to replace petrochemicals and palm oil with carbon-negative platform biochemicals. - Sci-Lume Labs
Turning agricultural waste into a truly circular synthetic fiber, weaving a sustainable apparel future without oil or trash. - Tastee Tape
Reducing the 13 million pounds of packaging film with a bio-based, health-conscious, affordable option.
Rewriting the Future: Transforming How We Build and Power the Future
- Starstone
Paving the way for low carbon concrete, using biology and fermentors instead of quarries and kilns. - Nanoplume
- Manufacturing the next generation of ultra-insulating, affordable, bio-based aerogels to maximize energy efficiency across multiple industries.
- Bactery
Capturing green energy generated by bacteria found in soil for remote sensors and IoT devices. - Giraffe Bio
Data-driven biomolecular design to boost the efficiency and sustainability of mining for critical minerals.
After the pitches, investors will have an opportunity to chat with the founders and enjoy light refreshments. The following day, February 13, we will be offering investors a chance to schedule 30-minute 1:1 meetings with the founders (in-person).
Questions? Email us at events@sosv.com