SOSV is hosting a completely free VC-Founder virtual matchmaking event focused on Health Tech. The 1:1 meetings will be taking place online between Monday, June 23 and Friday, June 27.
800+ startups | 400+ investors | 1 week of 1:1 meetings | Virtual | Free
The largest event of its kind!
Event Description
The event is 100% free and open to all investors and founders in the health tech category, from pre-funding to Series B.
Over 1,000 investors and founders joined the 2024 edition, and we expect that number to increase in 2025, based on strong pre-registrations as well as the success of SOSV’s first ever Women’s Health Matchup earlier this year, which brought in 800 investors and founders.
So if you’re a founder or an investor across the many categories of health, you’re likely to find valuable new connections at the matchup.
Health Tech Categories
Everything! Digital Health, Medical Devices, Therapeutics, Neurotech, Longevity, Oncology, Women’s Health, Diagnostics, Senior Care, etc.
Context
Despite public funding cutbacks in the US, innovation across many health fields continues to accelerate – consider recent advances including the first personalized gene-editing success, the first human transplant of a genetically edited pig kidney, the development of mRNA cancer vaccines for pancreatic cancer, and astonishing impact of GLP-1 weight loss drugs.
At SOSV, we are on the forefront of early stage health tech investing, and we offer up to $550K in pre-seed funding and six-month residencies in one of our three deeply equipped and staffed programs, in NYC, SF and Newark. Along with hundreds of other investors at the matchup, our team will be taking meetings with founders to invest in. As a reference, SOSV has already backed 8 startups we met through previous matchups, and numerous investors have done deals too!
The event is 100% free and open to all investors and founders in the category (startups up to Series B).
Registration
Startup Registration | Investor Registration
- June 4 – Registration opens
- June 16 – Meeting requests open
- June 23 – Meetings take place
What Are VC-Founder Matchups?
WHAT > SOSV Matchups are VIRTUAL, GLOBAL and FREE matchmaking events focused on specific themes and open to all investors and all early stage founders worldwide.
WHY > Better connect the investor-founder ecosystems related to human and planetary health.
SCALE > From 100 to 1000+ participants depending on theme. Since 2022, 2,000+ investors and 3,000+ founders have participated.
RESULTS > Feel your market, find investors, find investments. Many thousands of meetings and numerous investments took place already. SOSV alone invested in 8 startups discovered during matchups.
DURATION > Typically run over a week, making it easier to place 20-min meetings at convenient times.
CURATION > Registration requires a high level of detail from participants. This enables better targeting of meetings.
PROCESS > Matchups are “self-service”. Participants reach out to set up meetings.
Who Should Attend
For this inaugural event, we expect 500+ startups and 500+ investors. Many of our other matchups exceeded those numbers, with up to 1,000+ participants.
- Startups: Startups focused on Human Health of all kinds, from pre-seed up to series B.
- Investors: VCs, CVCs, FOs, syndicates and angel investors with a checkbook.
- Nobody else, please: Service providers, this event is not for you.
What to Expect
- Many High Quality Participants: A typical matchup attracts the top founders and investors in the ecosystem.
- 100% Matchmaking: No talks or panels. The Matchup is a unique opportunity to identify and connect quickly and efficiently with relevant founders and investors.
- Detailed Startups Profiles: Filter startups easily according to their sector, location, funding stage and more.
- Detailed Investors Profiles: Find who focuses on your sector, stage and geography.
FAQs
Q: Why are matchups one week long?
Q: What is the duration of meetings?
Q: How many meetings can I book?
Q: I’m a founder. No one is responding to my requests.
Q: I’m a founder. Should I include my pitch deck?
Q: The platform is not convenient. Can I connect outside?
Past Participants
Past participants include prominent VC and CVC firms such as:
3M Ventures, 8VC, AlleyCorp, ARCH Venture Partners, Astanor Ventures, BASF Venture, Box Group, Bessemer Venture Partners, Bosch Ventures, Cargill, Coatue Management, Collaborative Fund, Counteract, DCVC, Dow, Ecosystem Integrity Fund, Global Brain, H&M Group Ventures, Honda Xcelerator Ventures, In-Q-Tel, Joyance Partners, Khosla Ventures, Illumina Ventures, Main Sequence Ventures, Merck, Plum Alley, Ponderosa Ventures, Prelude Ventures, ReGen Ventures, Rhapsody Venture Partners, Siemens, Sony, Speedinvest, Stanley Ventures, Sumitomo Corporation of Americas, Systemiq Capital, The Engine Accelerator, Touchdown Ventures, Verge HealthTech Fund, Wavemaker 360 .
How to Get Involved
Stay tuned for registration details and agenda updates for each Matchup. We can’t wait to see you at one—or all—of our 2025 Matchups!
Sign up to SOSV’s newsletter to hear about upcoming events.