New York Climate Week is one of the world’s leading global climate gatherings, convening innovators, investors, industry leaders, scientists, and policymakers to accelerate climate action. SOSV’s IndieBio New York is proud to host and participate in events throughout the week, spotlighting the transformative potential of deep tech solutions in driving sustainability across human and planetary health. Our events will foster discussions on breakthrough technologies and collaborations essential for building a more resilient and sustainable future.
You can read about all the events we’re supporting during NYCW below.
Monday, September 23, 9:00 — 11:30 AM ET
Get Energized for Climate Week: Breakfast with Climate Vine!
Climate Vine
IndieBio
We’re kicking off New York Climate Week with an opening breakfast, coffee and fun mingling session with the Climate Vine community —meet Members and friends of the Vine, and hear from Candice and special guests about leveraging Climate Week to grow your network, connect with new peers and energize yourself for the work to come.
Monday, September 23, 6:00 — 8:30 PM ET
Climate Tech Demo Night: NY Climate Week Edition
Streetlife Ventures
AWS for Climate Tech Startups
NYU
IndieBio
Come see the freshest climate tech demos at NY Climate Week. This 4th edition of the quarterly Climate Tech Demo Night series will feature demos from startups building solutions at the intersection of cities x climate. This is not a pitch night, but a chance to go deeper into the climate solutions that can make tangible differences to the livability of our cities and planet.
Tuesday, September 24, 9:00 AM – 4:00 PM ET
NYCW: Financing your Climate Startup
Enduring Planet
Third Sphere
Silicon Valley Bank
SOSV
Planeteer
Climate Finance Solutions
LabStart
Day-long event to help climate founders navigate the capital stack outside of Venture Capital. Leaders from the industry will brief the group using company and transaction case studies, and will lead breakout discussions focused on the following capital types:
- Grants
- Corporate Credit
- Off Balance Sheet Credit (Asset-Backed Lending)
- Project Finance
Wednesday, September 25, 9:30 – 11:45 AM ET
Juniper Zero Demo Day & Climate SynBio Expo
Juniper Zero
IndieBio
Biology is an emerging and powerful tool for climate impact, able to scale carbon negative solutions from nanometers to kilometers. Explore the climate biotech intersection with us at Juniper Zero’s inaugural Demo Day and SynBio Expo. Network with founders, investors, and other ecosystem players as you see, touch, and taste products from other fast-growing companies from a range of climate verticals. We’ll end the event with speed pitches from 13 early stage companies using synthetic biology to disrupt the world’s most polluting industries.
Wednesday, September 25, 2:00 — 4:00 PM ET
ClimateImpact Growth Council
ClimateImpact
IndieBio
ClimateImpact, a global community for scale-up climate tech founders & investors, will be hosting a curated, high-level group of growth-stage founders and investors for insightful conversations into the opportunities and obstacles when scaling a business.
Wednesday, September 25, 6:00 – 8:00 PM ET
Non-Dilutive Grant Capital for Clean Economy Deployments, Expansion and Impact
The Climate Guild
The ClimateTech Association
Factor
Black & Veatch
IndieBio
This speaking agenda brings together clean economy grant makers, creative finance investors and industry experts supporting companies to access non-dilutive capital. To accelerate decarbonization transformation, a plethora of US Federal grant making agencies and private foundations are looking to grant non-dilutive capital to clean economy deployments and expansion opportunities. Through traditional grants, recoverable grants, loan guarantees, Program Related Investments (“PRIs”) and D-SAFEs, these organizations seek high impact on multiple criteria and build American competitiveness.
Wednesday, September 25, 6:00 — 8:00 PM ET
Super Climate New York
Co-Hosts:
Super Climate is a global event series that provides a curated environment for LPs and GPs to engage in valuable conversations around climate tech. Organized by a non-profit in collaboration with leading climate VCs, this event offers a rare opportunity for LPs to connect with like-minded investors who share their passion for driving change in this critical sector.
Thursday, September 26, 8:00 — 9:30 AM ET
Breakfast on Consumer Bioproducts: Climate Week NYC 2024
Synonym Bio
Accenture
IndieBio
Exclusive roundtable convening consumer goods leaders for an in-depth discussion on how emerging biotechnologies (accelerated with Gen Al) are reshaping supply chains, ingredients, product portfolios, and the consumer proposition… and how companies can distinguish between the hype and the technologies that will enable them to achieve sustainability goals at scale and delight their customers.
Thursday, September 26, 12:15 — 4:15 PM ET
Carbon Newbie Summit at NYC Climate Week 2024
Clever Carbon
BeZero Carbon
CEEZER
IndieBio
A casual conference for carbon newbies interested in getting the 101, 201, and maybe 301 on carbon during NYC Climate Week. From personal to professional carbon footprint, attendees walk away with tools and inspiration to take action on reducing emissions. Speakers at the summit include experts from the United Nations, Allbirds, Mastercard, Lime, BeZero Carbon, Clever Carbon, and more!